2020-05-03 00:00:00	 "  Lily Overacker and Laurell Pallot start each gay-straight alliance meeting with everyone introducing themselves, saying their pronouns and sharing highs and lows of the week.  Except lately it's been through email chains instead of in-person for the Grade 12 students in Lacombe, Alta.  Such school clubs are meant to provide safe spaces for LGBTQ students and their allies.  Students, teachers and community groups are working to ensure that support is still available as the COVID-19 pandemic keeps kids out of school.  \"It's definitely harder because you want to be able to see those people and be around them,\  " said Overacker, 18.  \"But  I think we are making the best out of the situation that we can and focusing on making sure that kids still know that there's people there to support them.\  " Overacker and Pallot want to hold a virtual end-of-year celebration for LGBTQ students.  \"We're thinking it'll be over Zoom  and we want it to be Alberta-wide,\  " said Pallot, 17.  She said community groups could host multiple Zoom sessions simultaneously.  \"We'll have a Zoom room with a DJ and dancing and games and just multiple different ones that kids can choose.\  " Gay-straight alliances are moving online, to ensure support is still available during the pandemic.  (Tiphanie Roquette/Radio-Canada/CBC)  Pallot said the virtual prom is a way of \"finding light in this situation,\" with the bonus of meeting new people before she goes away to college in the fall.  Hilary Mutch, who co-ordinates a GSA network in southern Alberta through the Centre for Sexuality, said isolation is one of the biggest issues for LGBTQ youth at the best of times.  \"As much as possible, it's so important to think 'what are the things that we're doing to combat those feelings of isolation, lack of resources, lack of supports that people might be feeling at home, especially if their home isn't affirming or respectful of their identity?\"' School divisions have approached holding GSAs during the shutdown in different ways, whether it's through email, group chats, video conferencing or social media.  The Arc Foundation, which runs a program called SOGI 123 to make schools more inclusive, recently held a webinar to help educators run virtual GSAs.    More people are experiencing negativity within their unsupportive households because they're there constantly,​​​​​​.- Mav Gilchrist, 17-year-old student Scout Gray, SOGI 123's leader, said 140 people signed up — mostly in British Columbia, but some in Alberta.  \"Teachers are stretched real thin right now and they're taking the time to make sure these clubs are getting running, which shows that they're really dedicated and shows that there's a need.\  " Gray added it's important to coach youth on privacy.  For instance, if teens don't want everyone to know they're part of a GSA, they would need to think about whether having their face shown in a video chat window beamed into someone else's home is a good idea.  \"We want to make sure that ... they understand that things they put out on the internet could be recorded, could be used in other places,\  " Gray said.  If youth don't want their families knowing, they could participate by phone during a walk around the neighbourhood so no one overhears, Gray added.  Mav Gilchrist, a 17-year-old Grade 12 student in St. Albert, Alta., has noticed some students choose their words carefully or mute their mics during their GSA's Google Meet chats.  Gilchrist said efforts have been made to ensure names appearing in video chat windows reflect trans students' true gender identities, which isn't always the case when accounts are linked to school-issued email addresses.  Gilchrist said not as many students have been participating as usual — possibly because of scheduling or unsupportive households.  But Gilchrist said it's crucial the club keep going in some form.  \"More people are experiencing negativity within their unsupportive households because they're there constantly,\  " Gilchrist said.  \"The support that GSAs provide was vital before — it is even more vital now.\" Renee LeClerc, a teacher supervisor for Gilchrist's GSA at Paul Kane High School, said students use the time to talk about whatever they want — whether that be baking, TV shows or anime.  \"We are very rarely focused on LGBTQ-specific issues for an entire meeting.  It is almost always just things that teenagers talk about,\  "  she said.  \"We all just want to be in a place where we see ourselves reflected and supported.\  "" 
2020-05-02 00:00:00	 "  This is an excerpt from Second Opinion, a weekly roundup of eclectic and under-the-radar health and medical science news emailed to subscribers every Saturday morning.   If you haven't subscribed yet, you can do that by clicking here.    The coronavirus that causes COVID-19 spreads through droplets that we spew as we breathe, talk, cough and sneeze  — so tiny that they're invisible to the naked eye.    That's why questions remain about the virus's transmission and  what precautions need to be taken to curb its spread as governments begin to lift restrictions.  Will it help if everyone wears a mask?  Is keeping everyone two metres apart far enough?  Some researchers aim to learn more about transmission by trying to make invisible sneezes, coughs and breaths more visible.  Here's a closer look at that research and what it might reveal.  How do scientists think COVID-19 is transmitted?  According to the World Health Organization, the disease spreads primarily through tiny droplets expelled when a person infected with SARS-CoV-2 sneezes, coughs, exhales or spits while talking.  They can infect another person who:   Comes into contact with those droplets through their eyes, nose or mouth (droplet transmission).     Touches objects or surfaces on which droplets have landed and then touches their eyes, nose or mouth (contact transmission).     The WHO says it's important to stay \"more than one metre away\" from a person who is sick.  But the Public Health Agency of Canada recommends staying a distance of at least two metres or two arms' lengths away, not just from people who are sick but from all people you don't live with.  Why is 2 metres the recommended distance for preventing transmission?  Scientists in the 19th century showed respiratory droplets from a person's nose and mouth can carry micro-organisms such as bacteria and viruses.  Then, in 1934, W.F. Wells at the Harvard School of Public Health showed that large droplets (bigger than 0.1 millimetre) tended to fall and settle on the ground within a distance of two metres, while smaller droplets evaporated and the virus particles left behind could remain suspended in the air for a long time.    Wells proposed that could explain how diseases are transmitted.  Since then, respiratory diseases have been divided into those transmitted via droplets (usually from close contact) and those that are airborne and can spread over longer distances, such as measles or tuberculosis.    INTERACTIVECoronavirus tracker: 56,000+ cases in Canada on Saturday Such tiny particles are presumably pushed around by air currents, but can't move easily due to air resistance.  So their actual movements haven't been well modelled or measured, said Lydia Bourouiba, professor and director of the Fluid Dynamics of Disease Transmission Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.    \"And  that's why the notion of airborne [transmission] is  very murky,\" said Bourouiba, who is Canadian.  Why don't experts think the virus is airborne?  A pair of recent studies raised the notion of airborne transmission, but Mark Loeb, a professor at Hamilton's McMaster University who specializes in infectious disease research, cautions against putting too much stock in them.    Researchers found traces of RNA from SARS-CoV-2 in washrooms and some high-traffic areas in hospitals in Wuhan, China, and in Nebraska, and suggested it got into those areas through the air, though there was no evidence the particles were still infectious.    Loeb said that's just a \"signal\" that part of the virus was there.    \"Does  it mean that COVID-19 is spreading from person to person through aerosols?  I would say definitively not,\  "  Loeb said.    Government guidelines in Canada recommend that people stay at least two metres away from others as part of physical distancing measures to curb the spread of COVID-19.  (Gary Moore/CBC)  If the virus were airborne, we'd know by now, said Dr. Allison McGeer, an infectious disease specialist with Sinai Health in Toronto who is leading a national research team studying how COVID-19 is transmitted.  \"The reason we know that is because all around the world we have hundreds of health-care workers who are taking care of patients wearing regular masks,\  " she said.  \"If  this were airborne —  if this were usually in those small [aerosol] particles   —   all those health-care workers would be getting sick.\  " The fact that they're not is a contrast to what would happen if the virus remained infectious in the air for hours even after an infected person left the room — which is part of what makes diseases like measles so contagious.  Infection control guidelines do recommend extra personal protective equipment (including N-95 respirators) to protect against airborne transmission for health-care workers performing procedures that generate high concentrations of aerosolized particles, such as intubations, on COVID-19 patients, McGeer said.     Return to normal hinges on immunity, say those pushing for new COVID-19 blood tests  But even in that scenario, the degree to which those particles are infectious hasn't been yet proven — and it a very different scenario than what people are facing in the community.    \"You  and I don't have to worry walking down the street that we're going to be breathing the air of somebody who walked down the street five minutes ahead of us who had COVID-19 and didn't know it,\  " said McGeer, \"That  we can be confident about.\  " Is there evidence the virus could be spread farther than 2 metres?  Some studies, including Bourouiba's, show that droplets from coughs and sneezes can, in fact, travel much farther than expected.  Bourouiba's high-speed imaging measurements and modelling show smaller respiratory droplets don't behave like individual droplets but   are in a turbulent gas cloud trapping them and carrying them forward within it.  The moist environment reduces evaporation, allowing droplets of many sizes to survive much longer and travel much farther than two metres  — up to seven or eight metres, in the case of a sneeze.    WATCH | Close-up view of the droplets released by a person sneezing    (Credit Lydia Bourouiba/MIT/JAMA Networks)  She said the research \"is about revealing what you cannot see with the naked eye.\" A more recent Canadian study used a \"cough chamber\" to show that if someone coughs without covering their mouth, droplets from the cough are still travelling at a speed of about one kilometre per hour when they hit the two-metre edge of the chamber.  Within the chamber, droplets remained suspended for up to three minutes.    WATCH  |  The speed and distance travelled by droplets from a cough    Dr. Samira Mubareka, a virologist at Sunnybrook Hospital in Toronto who co-authored the study, said it \"gives  you a sense of what the possibilities are,\  " but noted that the researchers, who were studying flu patients, detected very little virus in the droplets.  What does that say about the 2-metre guideline?  Bourouiba says her research points to the potential for exposure beyond two metres from someone who is coughing and sneezing.  As she wrote in the journal JAMA Insights in March, that means it's \"vitally important\" for health care workers to wear high-grade personal protective equipment in the form of respirators even if they're farther than two metres away from infected patients.     However, she does think two metres can be far enough for healthy people in the general public in most environments, since breathing and talking don't propel droplets and surrounding cloud too far.  Mubareka stands by the two-metre guideline despite the findings of her cough chamber study.  Despite dramatic images of respiratory droplets being propelled from someone's nose and mouth, it's not yet clear how many of them contain virus and how many are infectious.  Second OpinionShould masks be mandatory in public to stop the spread of COVID-19?  \"And  that's really the key variable —  that's what really determines your risk,\  "  she said.  \"Those are the kinds of things we haven't been able to measure.\  "  That may change, she added, with the recent invention of particle samplers designed specifically for viruses.  Loeb of McMaster, notes that a cough chamber and similar laboratory setups are highly artificial settings and controlled environments.  \"They're basically saying what's theoretically possible,\" he said.  \"I think those are provocative and those are hypothesis- generating, but then they need to be tested in the field.\" Loeb is running such a field test himself — a randomized controlled trial of the use of medical versus N95 masks among health care workers to see if there is a difference in the transmission of COVID-19.  But are coughing and sneezing all we need to worry about?  That's a question on a lot of people's minds, given that a growing number of studies have shown asymptomatic and pre-symptomatic transmission is possible, especially among those who live with an infected person.    Even though researchers aren't sure exactly how people without symptoms transmit the disease, the new evidence has prompted both U.S. and Canadian officials to suggest apparently healthy people wear masks in public to protect others —   \"because it prevents you from breathing or speaking moistly on them,\" Prime Minister Justin Trudeau famously explained.  \"People generate particles when they're talking, singing, breathing —   so you don't have to necessarily be coughing,\  " Mubareka said.  \"It's just that maybe the dispersion is a little bit more limited.\"    WATCH  |  The droplets produced when someone speaks with, and without, a mask This video, from a study published in April 2020 the New England Journal of Medicine by researchers at the U.S. National Institutes of Health, uses laser light scattering to show droplets produced when someone speaks.  0:42    A recent brief video and report by U.S. National Institutes of Health researchers used lasers to show that droplets projected less than 10 centimetres when someone says the phrase \"Stay healthy.\  " It found the louder someone spoke, the more droplets were emitted.  But they were dramatically reduced if a damp washcloth   —  a stand-in for a mask — was placed over the speaker's mouth.  So what about using masks to curb the spread of COVID-19?  Studies have already provided evidence that the rate at which sick people shed the virus into their surroundings is reduced when they wear a mask.    Other studies, such as a 2009 paper in Journal of the Royal Society Interface, use imaging to show how wearing a mask while coughing reduces the jet of air that's normally directed forward and down.  A surgical mask \"effectively blocks the forward momentum of the cough jet and  its aerosol content,\" the study found.  Some does leak out the sides, top and bottom, but without much momentum.  A 2009 study by researchers in the U.S. and Singapore uses schlieren imaging to show airflow from a person's mouth a) without a mask b) with a medical mask and c) with an N95 mask.  (Gary S. Settles/Penn State University/Journal of the Royal Society Interface)  The World Health Organization recommends that people wear masks if they are coughing and sneezing or if they are caring for someone who is sick.  It notes that studies haven't been conducted yet on whether or not transmission is reduced when healthy people wear masks in public, but it encourages countries to look into that.    Many governments haven't waited.  Los Angeles, Italy and Austria are among the places that have begun requiring customers to wear masks while shopping.     To read the entire Second Opinion newsletter every Saturday morning, subscribe by clicking here.  " 
2020-05-02 00:00:00	 "  The latest:  The lives behind the numbers: What we know about the first 1,000 COVID-19 deaths in Canada.  Health expert urges provinces to 'find the middle ground' as they begin to reopen.  Canadians have lost more than $1.2 million to COVID-19 scams.  Canada is officially in a recession, C.D. Howe Institute says.  Major U.S. airlines to require passengers to wear masks.  Nova Scotia is easing some of its COVID-19 restrictions.  Ontario allowing some businesses to reopen under strict guidelines.  EI claimants are going weeks without income as federal call system slows to a crawl.  INTERACTIVE |   See the latest data on coronavirus cases in Canada.  Have a coronavirus question or news tip for CBC News?  Email: Covid@cbc.ca    Canada's chief public health officer struck an optimistic tone about the COVID-19 pandemic on Saturday, saying that efforts to flatten the curve are working as provinces across the country reported more positive figures.  \"By following public health recommendations, we have collectively brought down the rate of infection.  We are flattening the curve,\" said Dr. Theresa Tam in a news release, as federal medical officials and the prime minister took a break from their daily news conferences.  \"While we can continue to be cautiously optimistic, it is important that everyone remains aware of our duty to protect one another, especially those who are most vulnerable, as we navigate the next few weeks.\" New Brunswick reported it had no more active cases of COVID-19 as of Saturday after two weeks without a new infection and in Ontario, Premier Doug Ford said his province could get through the pandemic faster than previously expected.  Ontario Premier Doug Ford and other officials practice physical distancing at a COVID-19 briefing at Queen's Park in Toronto on Saturday.  (Rick Madonik/The Canadian Press)  \"We're seeing a gradual downward slope in the public domain and the lower we get, the more we can open up and get back to the new normal,\  " Ford said.  \"I don't know the exact time …   but if we keep going the way we're going, we're going to get out of this a lot sooner than we thought we might've been able to get out a couple of months ago.\"    What offices might look like in a post-COVID world  At Ontario's legislature, demonstrators gathered for a second Saturday in a row for an anti-lockdown protest.  Ford blasted the protesters for disrespecting the Canadian flag by flying it upside down during the demonstration.  \"I understand, people are hurting out there, and people want to get back out there,\" said Ford.  But he said that flying the flag upside down disrespects members of the Armed Forces who are overseas, as well as those helping in long-term facilities in Ontario.  \"What they're doing is putting their lives in jeopardy as far as I'm concerned with congregating side-by-side.\" Protesters gather to demand Ontario reopen at Queen Park in Toronto on Saturday.    (Natalie Kalata/CBC)  Ford said he respected their right to protest but wondered aloud whether it's fair that mothers with their children receive fines for being in parks while anti-lockdown protesters aren't fined.  Provinces across Canada are preparing to start relaxing lockdown rules in the coming week.  Businesses, such as gardening centres and auto dealerships, will be allowed to open in Ontario on Monday, while residents in Newfoundland and Labrador will now be permitted to interact with one other household other than their own.  WATCH |   Canada's economy to be particularly hard hit by COVID-19, says expert: Canada faces several economic disadvantages as it emerges from the pandemic but having the U.S. as its major trading partner could help, says Peter Hall, the chief economist for Export Development Canada.     7:36  Quebec has announced plans to gradually reopen daycares, elementary schools, retail businesses, construction and manufacturing during the month of May. Ford agreed with Quebec Premier François Legault by saying that the fight against COVID-19 is now separated between the battle in long-term care homes and the general public.  \"There's two different worlds.  Right now, we're fighting this virus, one in long-term care homes and one in the public domain,\  "  Ford said.  \"In the public domain, everyone has done an incredible job   …   and that's the reason why we see the trend going down.\" People use a measuring tape to keep a safe distance as they sit in a park in Montreal on Saturday.  (Graham Hughes/The Canadian Press) British Columbia's top medical official, Dr. Bonnie Henry, urged people to stay vigilant, asking anyone with symptoms to contact health officials and take measures to protect their family and community members.  \"It is far too easy to tip the scales against us and undo the hard work and sacrifice that everybody here in B.C. has made,\  " she said Saturday.  \"We cannot afford any missteps as we look to ease our restrictions in the coming days and weeks.\  " WATCH |   Personal support workers reusing masks amid PPE shortage: Some personal support workers are using the same protective mask multiple times a day while going in and out of care homes because they worry about running out.  2:03  Meanwhile, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke with New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern to share information about fighting the pandemic while protecting the economy.  A readout of the call said the two leaders also spoke about the need to keep supply chains working throughout the global crisis, particularly in regards to medical supplies.  New Zealand has widely been seen as a success story in the effort to curb the spread of COVID-19.    Health expert warns reopening provincial economies will be 'tricky'    As of Saturday evening, Canada had 56,714 confirmed and presumptive coronavirus cases, with the majority concentrated in Ontario and Quebec.  Provinces and territories list 23,814 of the cases as resolved or recovered.  A CBC News tally of COVID-19-related deaths based on provincial data, regional health information and CBC's reporting lists 3,656 deaths in Canada and two known coronavirus-related deaths of Canadians abroad.  The contagious respiratory illness causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people.  For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.   There is no proven treatment or vaccine for the virus, which first emerged in China in late 2019.  What's happening in the provinces and territories British Columbia's provincial health officer, Dr. Bonnie Henry, announced on Saturday a new community outbreak at a poultry plant, where there are three confirmed cases.   Henry also said there were 26 new COVID-19 cases in the province on Saturday, bringing the current total to 2,171.  Henry also said B.C. can't mimic New Zealand, which has received global praise for its response.  Those countries do not share a border with a country hard hit by the virus like the U.S., she noted.  \"We are very close to a very large country that is having itself a very large outbreak.  As we know, early on, Washington state had a dramatic increase in cases that affected us quite dramatically here in B.C.,\  " Henry said.  \"So  it's a balance, we all have our own approach.\" Read more about what's happening in B.C.  WATCH |   Travellers arriving in B.C. met with strict quarantine instructions: As travellers land in B.C., they are expected to have detailed quarantine plans and will receive followup calls a few days later.  2:07 Alberta reported 97 new cases on Saturday, the first time in weeks the daily new cases dropped below 100.  The province also reported two new deaths.  This weekend marks the first days of Alberta's tiered relaunch strategy, with an emphasis on outdoor activities.  Provincial parks and some boat launches were reopened with limited services on Friday.  Golfers were permitted to hit the fairway on Saturday after the province issued a set of guidelines to course operators intended to reduce the risk of transmission.   Read more about what's happening in Alberta.     WATCH  | Edmonton grandma overcomes broken pelvis, pneumonia and COVID-19:  Edmonton grandma overcomes broken pelvis, pneumonia and COVID-19. 0:41  Saskatchewan announced that its number of cases has climbed to 421, with six new cases recorded on Saturday.   Of the new cases included in the update, four are in the North, one is in Saskatoon and one is in Regina.  Northern leaders say drastic action may have to be taken unless more people start following public health orders, as they say some people are still trying to go around the restrictions.   Read more about what's happening in Saskatchewan.  Manitoba reported one new case on Saturday.   The province says there is also one more hospitalization, bringing the total to six.   Read more about what's happening in Manitoba.  WATCH |   Winnipeg couple of 70 years 'connect' through window amid restrictions:  Winnipeg couple of 70 years 'connect' through window amid COVID-19 restrictions 1:34 Ontario health officials are urging residents to keep up physical distancing measures as the province sees the warmest weather in months.  \"I don't mind people going outside, people getting exercise, but plan it.  Don't just go out and go to the most crowded places,\" said Chief Medical Officer of Health Dr. David Williams.    Various prevention measures have been put in place by officials across Ontario to slow the spread outdoors, including the temporary closure of provincial parks and public outdoor spaces and amenities.  But as temperatures climb, so have the number of cases.  The province reported 511 new confirmed cases on Saturday, an increase from the 421 cases reported on Friday.   Read more about what's happening in Ontario.    People sitting in lawn chairs practice physical distancing as they chat in the Ottawa community of Carp on Saturday.  (Justin Tang/The Canadian Press)  Quebec's director of public health says the province is launching a more \"aggressive\" testing strategy as it begins to loosen pandemic restrictions.   Dr. Horacio Arruda says Quebec is planning to conduct 14,000 tests a day, up from roughly 6,000 tests a day that it's currently doing.    The province wants to start testing regular citizens, including some without symptoms.  Until late this week, Quebec was only testing essential workers with symptoms, with a focus on health-care workers.   Read more about what's happening in Quebec.  A health-care worker prepares to give a COVID-19 test at a clinic in Montreal on Saturday.  (Graham Hughes/The Canadian Press)  New Brunswick is COVID-19 free, according to the latest numbers from the province.  The province says there were no new cases on Saturday — for the 14th straight day — and all 118 cases have now recovered.  That makes New Brunswick the only province without a confirmed active case in the country.   Read more about what's happening in N.B. Nova Scotia is reporting two more deaths at the Northwood long-term care home in Halifax.  That brings the death toll in the province to 31.  The province also reported four news cases, bringing the total number of positive cases to 963.  To date, 609 people have recovered from COVID-19.  Twelve people are in hospital, including three in intensive care.   Read more about what's happening in N.S.  A paramedic and an ambulance is seen at Northwood Manor, one of the largest nursing homes in Atlantic Canada, in Halifax on Friday.  (Andrew Vaughan/The Canadian Press)  In Prince Edward Island, Phase 1 of the province's plan to ease restrictions is now in its second day.  Charlottetown Mayor Philip Brown said there will be increased monitoring in city parks this weekend to ensure physical distancing is taking place now that groups of up to five people are allowed to gather outside.  Read more about what's happening on P.E.I. Newfoundland and Labrador has no new reported cases of COVID-19 on Saturday.  According to a news release issued by the provincial government, the number of total cases in the province remains at 259.  Saturday is the fifth day this week without any new reported cases of COVID-19 in the province, with only three new cases since April 18.  Read more about what's happening in N.L.  It's a hard road for truckers these days.  But now there are hot meals and friendly smiles along the way - and both are free.  <br><br  >  Read the full story: <a href=\"https://t.co/2waGuP1Oc2\">https://t.co/2waGuP1Oc2</a><a  href=\"https://twitter.com/hashtag/Covid19nfld?src=  hash&amp;ref_src=  twsrc%5Etfw\">#Covid19nfld</a> <a href=\"https://t.co/Vi92XMwNTv\">pic.twitter.com/Vi92XMwNTv</a>&mdash;@CBCNL In Canada's North  ,  all of Yukon's 11 confirmed cases of COVID-19 have recovered.  Meanwhile, Yukon Justice Minister Tracy-Anne McPhee announced Friday that someone has been charged under Yukon's Civil Emergency Measures Act for allegedly failing to self-isolate as required.   Read more about what's happening across the North.  WATCH |   Yellowknife's sanitation workers keep working amid pandemic: Kavanaugh Brothers owner and general manager Peter Houweling shares what he's doing differently to keep trash collection going in the middle of a pandemic.  3:06  What's happening in the U.S. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Saturday pushed back against what he called premature demands that he reopen the state, saying he knew people were struggling without jobs but that more understanding of the coronavirus was needed.  As governors in about half the United States partially reopen their economies over this weekend, Cuomo said he needed much more information on what the pandemic is doing in his hardest-hit state before he loosens restrictions.  \"Even when you are in unchartered waters, it doesn't mean you proceed blindly,\" he said.  \"Use information to determine action, not emotions, not politics, not what people think or feel but what we know in terms of facts.\  " New York Gov. Cuomo sprays disinfectant in a New York City subway car on Saturday.  (Kevin P. Coughlin/Office of Governor Andrew M. Cuomo via AP)  New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy echoed Cuomo's slow-go restart approach, even as he reported \"positive trends,\" including a decline in the number of hospital patients with COVID-19.  While the number of deaths has trended lower in recent days, New Jersey's toll, second only to New York's, stood at 7,742, which Murphy cited as a key reason for maintaining his stay-at-home order.  \"The family, friends and neighbours who we have lost are the reason why we cannot rush our restart,\  " he said at a news briefing.  \"We need to keep seeing these lines moving in these directions before we can put New Jersey on the road back, and before we're able to responsibly restart our economy.\  " A cyclist rides past a traffic barrel posted with a sign restricting parking to residents only in Belmar, N.J., on Saturday.  (Matt Rourke/The Associated Press)  As many U.S. eastern seaboard residents enjoyed a perfect spring day on Saturday, those in New Jersey had access to more outdoor space as Murphy allowed the state's parks and golf courses to reopen for the first time in a month, warning they would be shut again if social distancing requirements were violated.  \"Anecdotal and preliminary reports suggest that the rules were being observed, he said.  Georgia and Texas are leading the way in letting businesses shuttered by the pandemic begin partially reopening.  Leaders in those and several other states where the coronavirus has had less of an impact are under pressure to allow people to return to work as government data released this week showed 30 million Americans have sought unemployment benefits since March 21.  A worker wipes down an escalator at a mall in Dallas on Saturday.  (LM Otero/The Associated Press)  Cuomo pointed to the roughly 900 new coronavirus cases hospitals in New York are still reporting daily, and the fact that officials do not know where those infections are coming from, as reason enough to keep the Empire State shutdown.  The governor also released the preliminary results of a statewide antibody survey of about 15,000 people showing that 12.3 per cent were previously infected with the virus.  It confirmed the results of another test with a smaller sample size released about 10 days ago showing that one in five New York City residents has had the virus, with the Bronx bureau seeing the highest number positive for antibodies at 27.6 per cent.  A worker measures the temperature of Puerto Rico National Guard Gen. Jose Reyes in Ponce, Puerto Rico, on Saturday.  (Carlos Giusti/The Associated Press)  As of Saturday, the number of known infections across the U.S. had climbed to more than 1.1 million, including about 66,000 deaths, according to a Johns Hopkins University tally.  As testing increases across the country, so does the number of cases.  North Carolina on Saturday posted a record number of new cases with 551 infections, as did Puerto Rico, with 182.  Iowa hit a record for the second straight day.  Overall in the U.S., there were 34,000 new cases on Friday, the highest daily total since April 24.  What's happening around the world Russia reported a sharp spike in its daily tally of COVID-19 cases, with a new one-day high of 9,633 on Saturday.  That's a 20 per cent increase from the previous day's count.  More than half of the new cases were reported in Moscow, where concern is growing about whether hospitals could become overwhelmed.  The Russian capital's mayor said this week officials are considering establishing temporary hospitals at sports complexes and shopping malls.  According to a tally by Johns Hopkins University, Russia has more than 124,000 cases and 1,222 deaths.  A medical worker leaves a tent at a COVID-19 testing point central Moscow on Saturday.  (Yuri Kadobnov/AFP via Getty Images)  Spain's prime minister, Pedro Sanchez, announced on Saturday that commuters on transit will be required to wear masks starting Monday.   Sanchez says he'll ask the parliament for an extension of the state of emergency established March 14 and set to expire on May 9.  The announcement comes as Spaniards were allowed outdoors to exercise for the first time in seven weeks.  People ran, walked or rode bicycles under a sunny sky in Barcelona, where many flocked to the maritime promenade to get close to the still off-limits beach.  Others jogged around parks and along sidewalks across the nation.  Spain's death toll for the virus reached 25,100 after 276 more people died in the last 24 hours.  That's down from more than 900 daily deaths reported a month ago.  The total confirmed infections reached 216,582, with another 1,147 reported cases in the last day.  People are seen at a seafront promenade Barcelona on Saturday.  (Emilio Morenatti/The Associated Press)  Britain's Department of Health says a total of 28,131 people have died in hospitals, care homes and the wider community after testing positive for COVID-19 in the United Kingdom, an increase of 621 from the previous tally.  The U.K. has more than 183,000 cases, according to Johns Hopkins University.  Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Thursday told the nation that Britain had passed its peak in the outbreak, and said he has plans to reveal a \"road map\  " outlining how lockdown steps might be eased in the coming week.  Police officers patrol with a megaphone instructing people to keep moving in an effort to keep groups from forming in London's Greenwich Park on Saturday.  (Yui Mok/PA via AP)  France hopes to extend the health emergency put in place to fight the crisis until July 24.  Health Minister Olivier Veran made the announcement on Saturday, arguing that the extension of the measures that began March 24 is required to prevent a new flareup of infections.  The proposal, which will be put to the French parliament next week and is expected to pass, is centred on the notion that a \"premature\" relaxing the state of emergency \"could see a risk of the outbreak\" increasing.  France is among countries most affected by the pandemic, having recorded some 24,594 deaths and 167,346 confirmed cases so far.  The new proposals include a data system for those that have contracted the virus, that will function for up to a year.  A pharmacist serves a customer from behind newly installed see-through protective screens in Nice, France, on Saturday.  (Valery Hache/AFP via Getty Images)  In Malaysia, Senior Minister Ismail Sabri defended the mass arrest of immigrants without valid documents in viral hotspots.   Sabri says 586 immigrants were detained during an operation Friday in several buildings under strict lockdown in Kuala Lumpur.  He says they all tested negative for the virus and have been sent to detention camps for breaching immigration laws.  Rights groups have slammed the government for breaking its promise to not act against migrants who come out for virus screening.  They say the inhumane move during a pandemic could hamper efforts to curb the virus's spread.  Ismail brushed off the criticism Saturday, saying authorities were acting within the law.  He says Malaysia has taken care of the immigrants' welfare during the lockdown, but they must face the law as they have no valid documents.  Malaysia, which has 6,176 cases and 103 deaths, will let most businesses reopen Monday before a partial lockdown ends May 12.  A medical worker performs temperature checks at a hospital in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on Saturday.  (Rahman Roslan/Getty Images)  China, where the pandemic began in December, reported one new infection and no deaths in the 24 hours through midnight Friday.  The country has reported a total of 82,875 confirmed cases and 4,633 deaths.  The National Health Commission reported 43 people were released from hospitals Friday after being declared recovered, raising the total to 77,685.  There were a total 557 people still hospitalized on the mainland.  A passenger wears a hazmat suit as they wait for a train at Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, China, on Saturday.  (AFP via Getty Images)  Africa now has more than 40,000 COVID-19 cases.  That's according to the Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.  There have been more than 1,600 deaths across the continent.  Fifty-three of Africa's 54 countries have confirmed cases, all but tiny, mountainous Lesotho, which is surrounded by South Africa.  A Ministry of Health staff member takes samples from a child during the first day of mass testing in Djibouti on Saturday.  (AFP via Getty Images)  In Brazil, rioting inmates in the northern state of Amazonas held seven guards hostage for several hours on Saturday, protesting against the suspension of all visits amid the pandemic, authorities said.  After more than five tense hours, the state's public security secretariat said the situation inside the Puraquequara prison in the city of Manaus had been brought under control without any casualties and the guards freed.  Manaus has become one of Brazil's COVID-19 hotspots, with 3,941 confirmed cases and 357 deaths as of Friday, data from the state's health secretary show.  The pandemic has overwhelmed the city's hospitals, emergency response and even cemeteries, where mass burials occur on a regular basis and coffins threaten to run out.  Brazil has the most cases and deaths in Latin America, with more than 92,000 infections and over 6,400 deaths.   President Jair Bolsonaro has repeatedly downplayed the pandemic and called for the end of lockdown measures.  Military police secure the perimeter of the  Puraquequara prison as inmates stand on a water tower protesting against bad conditions and restrictions on family visits in Manaus, Brazil, on Saturday.  (Edmar Barros/The Associated Press)  Turkey's health minister has announced 78 new deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll from COVID-19 to 3,336.  The minister tweeted Saturday that an additional 1,983 had been infected, increasing the total to 124,375.  \"For the first time since March 30, the daily case number has fallen below 2,000,\" he tweeted.  The new number leaves Turkey  ranked seventh in the world for highest infection rate from the coronavirus.  Russia's confirmed infections of 124,054 had briefly surpassed Turkey's.  The minister also tweeted that 58,259 people have recovered from COVID-19, including 4,451 since Friday.  " 
2020-05-02 00:00:00	 "  B.C. provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry announced 26 new coronavirus cases in the province on Saturday, bringing the current total to 2,171.  Of the cases, there are now 832 in the Vancouver Coastal Health region, 992 in Fraser Health, 123 in Vancouver Island Health, 175 in Interior Health, and 49 in Northern Health.  Two more people have died of COVID-19, bringing the total number of deaths in the province to 114.  There are currently 72 people in hospital, and 23 people in intensive care.  Henry said there is one new community outbreak, at Fraser Valley Specialty Poultry, where there are now three confirmed cases.  There remain 52 cases associated with an outbreak at Superior Poultry, and 35 cases associated with an outbreak at United Poultry.  VideoOn the COVID-19 battle front lines at B.C.'s biggest hospital  She also expressed concern over an outbreak at the Kearl Lake   oilsands facility north of Fort McMurray.  She said with workers travelling between B.C. and Alberta, the outbreak remains \"very challenging\" to contain, and that anyone returning to B.C. should be self isolating.  \"As cases continue to be found both in Alberta and here in B.C.  this is very important for us, vitally important for us in B.C., that anyone who has been at the site since March 24 needs to follow our requirements in British Columbia when they are home,\  " she said.  Watch Dr. Bonnie Henry's message to the class of 2020  : Dr. Bonnie Henry reminded students that schools are working hard to make graduation a positive and special event during the COVID-19 pandemic.  1:00 \"This includes your entire family being very diligent about physical distancing, self isolating on your return.  Part of our response here in B.C. to outbreaks in our communities is treating that entire area as an outbreak site.\" Henry said that though B.C. has flattened its curve and that new daily case numbers have been steady, the risk in B.C. remains \"very high.\" \"It is far too easy to tip the scales against us,\" she said.  \"We cannot have any missteps as we look to ease our restrictions in the coming weeks.\"  'Safely, slowly, methodically' Premier John Horgan has promised to release details next week on plans to gradually lift restrictions on daily life and business.  Henry said she has faced pressure from both sides of the debate on how and when the province should re-open, especially as other Canadian provinces begin to ease restrictions, noting that measures implemented in B.C. have been \"less draconian.\" \"We will not move forward with opening up different sectors until we're ready, until we're sure that we have a plan that is workable,\  "  she said.  \"It is a bit of a cautionary tale for us that we have seen these outbreaks in these poultry plants, for example.  That tells us that we need to make sure that we have the right safety measures in place in each different area of our economy to make sure that we can all be comforted and understand that we are opening up safely, slowly, and methodically.\"    Henry also addressed students, and specifically the class of 2020, whose graduation ceremonies have been cancelled or driven online as a result of the pandemic.  \"We won't be doing them in the same way this summer, but take heart we are thinking about that,\  " she said.  \"You are, and will always be unique in the graduating class.  It's been over 100 years since we've had an event like this pandemic.\" What you need to know about COVID-19 in B.C. on May 2, 2020 Henry also spoke directly to parents and students struggling with homeschooling, as days spent at home stretch into weeks.  \"I know many of us are feeling the fatigue and the frustration ... we want children across the province to continue learning, but there's many ways of learning,\  " she said.  \"There is no such thing as perfect.  It is an unattainable concept and none of us should be striving for it.\"  If you have a COVID-19-related story we should pursue that affects British Columbians, please email us at impact@cbc.ca.  " 
2020-05-02 00:00:00	 "  With infection rates spiralling, some big city ICUs on the verge of collapse and COVID-19 spreading into remote corners of the Amazon rainforest,  Brazil's president earlier this week responded to the pandemic's growing ferocity with a simple quip: \"So what?\  " From describing coronavirus as a \"little flu,\" to urging Brazilians to ignore the \"hysteria\" and get back to work, President Jair Bolsonaro has said Latin America's most populous country must \"face  the virus like a man, damn it, not like a little boy.\  " A COVID-19 glossary:  What the terms mean and some subtle differencesINTERACTIVECoronavirus tracker: 56,000+ cases in Canada on Saturday While doctors scramble to treat patients, and local officials urge respect for social distancing measures, the Brazilian president has continued to hold political rallies.  \"Bolsonaro remains one of the last standing deniers of the risk posed by the pandemic,\" said Jimena Blanco, a political risk analyst from consultancy Verisk Maplecroft.  \"With the president denying the threat of the pandemic, you get a lot of people defying lockdown measures.\" 'The system is collapsing' Brazil has more than 87,000 confirmed coronavirus cases and more than 6,000 deaths, according to figures from Johns Hopkins University, giving it the highest number of cases in Latin America.  The actual number of cases is at least five times higher due to a lack of effective testing, especially in rural areas, said Dr. Natalia Pasternak Taschner, a medical researcher at the Institute of Biomedical Sciences in Sao Paulo.  Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro sits next to his wife, Michelle Bolsonaro, wearing a protective face mask, during the swearing ceremony of his new justice minister at the Planalto presidential palace in Brasilia on April 29.    (Eraldo Peres/The Associated Press)  \"ICUs are breaking, the system is collapsing,\  "  Dr. Taschner said in a phone interview.  \"It has come to the point when doctors have to choose who to give the ventilators to.\  "  In Manaus, a sweltering city of two million residents in the heart of the Amazon, ICUs have collapsed under the caseload, she said.  Grave diggers are working double shifts to bury the bodies.  Some of Brazil's struggles with the virus  —  supply challenges for personal protective equipment, overwhelmed hospitals and a lack of testing capacity — aren't unique for large, diverse developing nations, public health experts said.    Health minister fired, justice minister resigns But growing political paralysis on top of the health challenges is crippling Brazil's response to COVID-19, analysts and doctors said.    WATCH | Bolsonaro downplays COVID-19 threat as Brazil's death toll rises  : An infectious disease specialist says Brazil is fighting two enemies during the COVID-19 pandemic: the virus and the president.  1:53 \"It's probably  the only country in the world with a major political crisis in the midst of a pandemic,\" said political scientist Oliver Stuenkel from the Getulio Vargas Foundation, a university in Sao Paulo.  \"It's hard to imagine a worse scenario.  The country is walking toward the abyss.\" Bolsonaro, a far-right former army captain, fired Health Minister Luiz Henrique Mandetta on April 16.    A doctor before entering politics, Mandetta had clashed with Bolsonaro over social distancing protocols and contradicted him on the effectiveness of anti-malarial drugs in treating COVID-19.     A week later, Justice Minister Sérgio Moro resigned, accusing Bolsonaro of interfering in law enforcement after he fired the federal police chief.  Jair Bolsonaro, who has downplayed coronavirus, fires Brazil's health ministerJair  Bolsonaro's justice minister resigns in Brazil, accuses president of interference Moro said Bolsonaro wanted a top cop who would pass him intelligence reports during a time when his sons— politicians in congress or local city council — are under investigation for spreading fake news and money laundering.  The president and his sons deny any wrongdoing.    Brazil's Supreme Court has approved an investigation into Moro's claims.  Talk of impeachment is growing.    Police investigation Like his U.S. counterpart, who also downplayed the coronavirus threat and relies on family members as political confidants  , Bolsonaro has faced threats of impeachment before.      But this time is different, analysts said.     \"This is the most serious crisis the Bolsonaro government has faced,\  "  Stuenkel said.    Volunteers from a church serve food to homeless people during a quarantine imposed by the state government to help contain the spread of the new coronavirus in Sao Paulo on April 27.  (Andre Penner/The Associated Press)  As the pandemic intensifies, observers warn that Bolsonaro and other lawmakers will be more concerned with partisan wrangling than with fighting COVID-19.     In a bid to secure his political future, the 65-year-old president has been approaching smaller parties in Brazil's fractious congress for support.    These groups generally don't hold a set ideology, Stuenkel said.  They make deals in order to secure public sector jobs, juicy positions at government-backed development banks or other state largesse, he said.  Meanwhile in Brazil: <a href=\"https://t.co/MR0pKBo15Z\">pic.twitter.com/MR0pKBo15Z</a>&mdash;@Rkrahenbuhl \"These are the shady underbelly of Brazilian politics,\  " he said.  \"They will vote for whoever offers the most perks.\" As someone who won office promising to battle nepotism and waste, this sort of backroom deal-making undermines Bolsonaro's self-described status as a political outsider and corruption fighter, Stuenkel added.    According to a public opinion poll conducted April 25 following the key cabinet departures, 46 per cent of Brazilians said Bolsonaro should resign, up from 37 per cent at the beginning of April.    Brazil using mass graves in Amazon region as coronavirus cases spike The poll from Datafolha of 1,503 people by telephone suggested Bolsonaro's response to the pandemic weighed heavily on voters' minds.  Nearly half of the respondents, 45 per cent, said he was doing a bad or terrible job of handling COVID-19 while 27 per cent said he has done a good or excellent job.    The poll suggested about one-third of voters support the president.  \"Irrespective of whether Bolsanaro falls or not, the country will be absorbed by a political crisis,\  " Stuenkel said.  \"This will drastically reduce its capacity to respond to the pandemic.\" Social inequality While politicians jostle over impeachment, many Brazilians aren't able to follow social distancing guidelines advised by health experts.    \"Social inequalities are a huge problem,\" said Dr. Anya Vieira-Meyer, a public health researcher at the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation, a government-linked organization in the northeastern city of Fortaleza.  \"That also impacts the spread of the coronavirus.\"  When the virus first arrived in Brazil, it was transported by middle- and upper-class Brazilians coming home from Europe, she said.    Since then, it has spread quickly into densely packed working-class neighbourhoods, where access to infrastructure can be precarious.     About 11 million Brazilians live in houses with more than three people per room and 16 per cent don't have access to clean water at home, Vieira-Meyer said, making social distancing or regular hand-washing difficult.    A friend pours beer on the coffin of a woman who died from the new coronavirus in Rio de Janeiro on April 28.  (Leo Correa/The Associated Press)  For workers in the country's vast informal sector, staying home can mean going hungry, she said, and having the president flouting social distancing advice doesn't make the job of doctors any easier.    In Sao Paulo, about half of the population has been following social distancing guidelines, Taschner said.  Local officials are hoping to increase that to at least 70 per cent.    Deaths doubling every 8 days The federal government has failed in its responsibility to safeguard citizens, but some state and local officials have been trying, Taschner said.  However, the growth in registered cases is still exponential, she said, and the country is nowhere near its peak.    \"We are doubling the number of cases every 10 days, and the number of deaths is doubling in eight days.\"  Unlike other developing nations  , Brazil offers free universal public health care, Vieira-Meyer said, but the system is strongest in the big cities.  For now, that's where most of the cases have been concentrated.    Bolsonaro, left, talks with Vice-President Hamilton Mourao during the swearing-in ceremony of new Justice Minister Andre Luiz de Almeida Mendonca, at the Planalto presidential palace, in Brasilia on April 29.  (Eraldo Peres/The Associated Press)  More than two-thirds of municipalities in the country of 210 million haven't reported cases of the virus, Vieira-Meyer said, but that could simply be due to a lack of testing.    When it spreads into those smaller towns, far from hospitals with ICUs or ventilators, health officials worry the situation will be disastrous.    \"The situation is going to get much worse,\" said Dr. Taschner.  \"I expect chaos.\"" 
2020-05-01 00:00:00	 "    Coronavirus Brief (CBC)    Canada is officially in a recession because of the pandemic, C.D. Howe says.  Ontario allows some businesses to reopen Monday amid strict guidelines; Alberta to take first steps to open economy Saturday.  Air Canada anticipates return of worldwide air travel by Christmas.  Canadians have lost more than $1.2 million to COVID-19 scams.  Read more: Find the COVID-19 benefits and programs relevant to you.    ​​​​​​​Avington Park Golf Course in southern England is using sheep to maintain the course after the staff were furloughed amid the COVID-19 pandemic.  (Peter Cziborra/Reuters)  How COVID-19 could change the way cities look and operate While some cities have eased lockdown restrictions, physical distancing measures that health officials say are crucial to halting the spread of COVID-19 will likely be with us for months, if not longer.  They are already having an effect on activity levels and the flow of cities, writes CBC's Andre Mayer, while planners, architects and designers are seeing changes both in Canada and around the world that could become permanent.  Every major calamity, from the 19th-century cholera outbreaks to the 2013 floods in Calgary, has provided valuable lessons in better city-building, said John Brown, dean of the school of architecture, planning and landscape at the University of Calgary.  But COVID-19 poses a unique challenge.  Ensuring people have access to transit, shopping amenities and fresh air, all while maintaining a two-metre distance, is difficult in high-density areas.  As a result of our collective self-isolation, there are fewer cars on the road.  At the same time, people are seeking respite outdoors by walking.  But it is increasingly challenging to maintain a respectful distance on sidewalks without veering into traffic.  Some municipalities are taking bold action to address this.  Last week, the Italian city of Milan announced a plan to transform 35 kilometres of streets to expand cycling and walking space.  In reducing car capacity, it will have the dual effect of providing a safe outlet for walkers and reducing air pollution.  Berlin, Budapest and Mexico City are just some of the cities proposing similar measures.  Public transit is also a crucial element of any cityscape, as many people can't rely on a car to get around.  Most cities are reporting a drop in public transit use during the pandemic, and it's likely to remain lower than usual in the short term, said Ahsan Habib, director of the school of planning at Dalhousie University.  During the pandemic, U.S. cities such as Atlanta, Chicago and Denver have made several adjustments to their transit systems, including suspending fares and allowing rear-door boarding.  Habib said ultimately, cities must invest in ways to make buses and streetcars less prone to crowding.  The pandemic has demonstrated the feasibility of letting a large part of the labour force work from home.  While not everyone can telecommute, enough people are able to do so that it could reduce demand for physical offices, which could in turn affect the proliferation of highrise buildings.  Brown, who also runs a Calgary-based architecture firm called Housebrand, said telecommuting may also have an impact on the layout of homes, as residents seek to carve out discrete corners in even the tiniest condo suite to have a private Zoom meeting.  Click below to watch more from The National The At Issue panel discusses why Quebec seems to be moving to reopen faster than its neighbouring provinces, despite having the most COVID-19 cases, and how much of a political risk this is for the premier.  Plus in this extended edition, the panellists weigh in on the return of the Conservative leadership race.  16:16 IN BRIEF Canada is officially in a recession because of the pandemic, C.D. Howe says Canada is officially in a recession that's been caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the C.D. Howe Institute's Business Cycle Council declared today.  The council, which monitors recessions and recoveries in Canada, said the economy peaked in February, just before drastic measures to slow the spread of the coronavirus were implemented across the country.  There are no hard and fast rules for declaring a recession, although one rule of thumb used by economists is that an economy is probably in one if it has shrunk for two three-month periods in a row.  The council rejects the \"two quarters\" rule and instead defines a recession as a \"pronounced, persistent and pervasive decline in aggregate economic activity\" based largely on GDP and the job market.  The COVID-19 pandemic is still less than two months old in Canada, but the council said that the slowdown is already so swift and deep that it's safe to declare a recession already.  In the council's view, this is the first recession Canada has seen since the financial crisis that began in 2008 — and the data suggests this one is on track to be quite a bit worse than that one.  While the decline in March was record-setting, economists expect the data for April will show an even bigger drop, with the measures taken to slow the spread of the coronavirus in place for the entire month.  Read more about Canada's economic situation    Ontario allows some businesses to reopen Monday, while Alberta's plan begins Saturday The Ontario government announced today that it's allowing a limited number of businesses to reopen, as long as they meet \"strict public health measures.\" Lawn care and landscaping services, garden centres and nurseries with curbside pickup, community gardens, automatic and self-serve car washes, auto dealers, and some construction projects will be allowed to open on Monday, with specific rules around how they can operate.  \"Today's news shows us if we stay the course, if we stay vigilant and take the measured approach, we can keep moving in the right direction,\  "  Premier Doug Ford said at a news briefing.  In Alberta, meanwhile, Premier Jason Kenney detailed his government's plan for a multi-stage relaunch that will depend on the province's continued ability to control the spread of the coronavirus and curb the number of COVID-19 patients who need hospital care.  The first step in Alberta's plan to reopen its economy will emphasize outdoor activities, with golf courses to open Saturday, followed by shops, bars and restaurants by mid-May.  Parts of the gradual relaunch plan, which Kenney announced Thursday, will begin Monday with the resumption of some non-urgent surgeries and office reopenings for dentists, physiotherapists and other professionals.  Schools will remain closed until the end of the academic year, with instruction continuing online, but Kenney said the province is in discussions with school boards \"about allowing some limited reopening on a trial basis\" for summer classes and specialized programs.  Read more about what's happening across Canada    Air Canada anticipates return of worldwide air travel by Christmas An Air Canada vice-president  suggested that by the time winter holidays roll around again, Canadians will be able to board his company's planes and fly almost anywhere in the world.  But Tim Strauss said he knows that one of the biggest tasks involved in bringing air travel back to life after pandemic restrictions lift will be convincing the public  it's safe to fly.  The airline industry has been hammered by the pandemic.  Some Canadian airlines have stopped flying entirely while others, including Air Canada, have scaled back more than 90 per cent because of the dramatic drop in demand.  At a virtual Canadian Club Toronto event today, executives at several major airlines talked about what the North American airline industry could look like post-pandemic.  Air Canada, Sunwing and American Airlines said corporate conversations about post-pandemic operations are focused on making sure planes are kept clean.  Some airlines are changing how often they sanitize their planes and are even considering changes to how air is circulated in passenger cabins.  Transport Canada has made it mandatory for all passengers to wear masks while on board and in airports when they cannot physically distance two metres from others.  While Air Canada predicts better times for the industry by Christmas, airline analyst Helane Becker points out that other countries will need to lift their pandemic restrictions and reopen their economies first in order to convince people to travel.  \"We need to get all these governments on the same page to kind of open things up.  Everyone wants it to be done safely because no one wants the recurrence of cases,\  "  Becker said Read more about the pandemic's impact on air travel     THE SCIENCE  Is Canada looking into using remdesivir?  CBC News readers, viewers and listeners have sent in countless questions about the COVID-19 pandemic, including this one.  If you have a question of your own, reach out at covid@cbc.ca.  As for the issue at hand: The U.S. is fast-tracking approval of the antiviral drug remdesivir to help treat COVID-19.  Top U.S. health official Dr. Anthony Fauci said it has a \"clear cut, significant, positive effect in diminishing the time to recovery,\" after favourable results of a clinical trial.  Remdesivir, which impairs the coronavirus's ability to replicate, was initially used to treat Ebola, but is not officially approved for use in Canada.  Yet, some hospitals are getting access to it through \"individual compassionate use.\  " What does this mean?  Health Canada has a program that allows particular, unapproved drugs to be used in unique cases.  Health Canada said the maker of remdesivir, Gilead, is transitioning to this \"provision of emergency access\" but can no longer accept more requests because of \"an overwhelming demand.\  " In an email to CBC News, Gilead said it is ramping up production but did not specify how much remdesivir would be sent to Canada.  AND FINALLY...  Alberta artist offers daily, online painting class for kids Everly-Ann Toma, left, and Grace Horsfall Couldwell are among the children participating in Paint with MJ, a daily free art lesson on Facebook with Alberta artist MJ Stead.  (Left, Lori Toma; right,  Nancy Horsfall Couldwell) Cochrane, Alta., artist MJ Stead wanted to do what she could during the pandemic to help keep children occupied and inspired.  She created a Facebook group called Paint with MJ and every weekday, Stead does a free, hour-long, Facebook Live painting class for kids.  Stead expected 20 to 30 kids to sign up for the live painting class, but now her group has more than 1,500 members from all over the country — and many families have more than one child participating.  Stead was inspired after painting helped her get through \"a nasty cancer.\" Two years ago, Stead was diagnosed with breast cancer, which involved chemo, radiation and a double mastectomy.  Stead said art got her through the treatments; when she couldn't get off the sofa, she challenged herself to do a painting a day for 100 days.  \"My breast cancer and my treatment brought me to a place where everybody else is right now  — a place of uncertainty, of being isolated.  I had no immune system,\  " she said.  \"When school was cancelled, I knew how everybody was going to feel and that prompted me to get moving.\  " Read the full story about the art classes    Send us your questions Still looking for more information on the outbreak?  Read more about COVID-19's impact on life in Canada, or reach out to us at covid@cbc.ca.  If you have symptoms of the illness caused by the coronavirus, here's what to do in your part of the country.  For full coverage of how your province or territory is responding to COVID-19, visit your local CBC News site.  To get this newsletter daily as an email, subscribe here.  Click below to watch CBC News Network  live  CBC News Network showcases the best of CBC journalism, covering breaking stories with speed, and adding context and meaning along the way.  CBC News Network is also the destination for original journalism, with added depth from CBC News bureaus across the country and around the world.  NaN:NaN" 
2020-05-01 00:00:00	 "  The latest:  The lives behind the numbers: What we know about the first 1,000 COVID-19 deaths in Canada.  Canadians have lost more than $1.2 million to COVID-19 scams.  Canada is officially in a recession, C.D. Howe Institute says.  Nova Scotia is easing some of its COVID-19 restrictions.  Ontario allowing some businesses to reopen under strict guidelines.  EI claimants are going weeks without income as federal call system slows to a crawl.  INTERACTIVE |   See the latest data on coronavirus cases in Canada.  Have a coronavirus question or news tip for CBC News?  Email: Covid@cbc.ca    Nova Scotia announced Friday it's immediately easing some of its COVID-19 restrictions, one day after   Alberta and Newfoundland released frameworks for how they would reopen their economies.   As more political leaders follow suit, many businesses, health practitioners and even cities are working to figure out how they will operate as restrictions are lifted.  Manitoba's largest city is scrambling to try and get amenities, such as playgrounds and golf courses, ready to reopen on Monday, after a provincial plan set out a timeline for lifting restrictions.  \"There is much more to reopening than simply reversing measures that we've put into place,\" Mayor Brian Bowman said, as he asked Winnipeggers to be patient with the reopening process.    Officials in Quebec announced they will be launching a more \"aggressive\" testing strategy as they prepare to loosen their own restrictions.   Dr. Horacio Arruda, Quebec's director of public health, said the province is planning to conduct 14,000 tests a day, up from roughly 6,000.   Increased testing and contact tracing are considered by experts to be an essential part of any plan to reopen the economy.  Workers in personal protective equipment unload medical supplies from a cargo plane arriving from China at Mirabel Airport in Mirabel, Que., on Friday.  (Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press)  Ontario on Friday announced it will allow a limited number of businesses to reopen, as long as they meet   \"strict public health measures.\" Lawn care and landscaping services, garden centres and nurseries with curbside pickup, community gardens, automatic and self-serve car washes, auto dealers and some construction projects will be allowed to open on Monday, with specific rules around how they can operate.  \"Today's news show us if we stay the course, if we stay vigilant and take the measured approach, we can keep moving in the right direction,\  "  Premier Doug Ford said at a news briefing.     EI claimants are going weeks without income as federal call system slows to a crawl ANALYSIS  |  As weather improves, questions about outdoor COVID-19 transmission risks grow    And while provinces eye ways to jump-start their economies, people across the country are struggling to receive EI payments after losing their jobs due to the pandemic.  Many Canadians have gone weeks without benefits because of problems with their EI applications, and find they're unable to make it through jammed phone lines to get help.  The C.D. Howe Institute's Business Cycle Council, which monitors recessions and recoveries in Canada, declared on Friday that the country is officially in a recession caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.  The pandemic is still less than two months old in Canada, but it said Friday the slowdown is already so swift and deep that it's safe to declare a recession.    People wearing face masks are seen in downtown Ottawa on Friday.  (Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press)  As of 7:30 p.m. ET on Friday, Canada had 55,061 confirmed and presumptive coronavirus cases, with the majority concentrated in Ontario and Quebec.  Provinces and territories list 22,762 of the cases as resolved or recovered.  A CBC News tally of COVID-19-related deaths based on provincial data, regional health information and CBC's reporting lists 3,507 deaths in Canada and two known coronavirus-related deaths of Canadians abroad.    In 2 weeks, this Alberta city went from just a few cases of COVID-19 to the province's biggest hotspot Ontario to allow some businesses to reopen, long-term care outbreaks continue to climb    Public health officials have cautioned that the recorded numbers are likely too low, noting that they fail to capture information on people who have not been tested or who are still under investigation as possible coronavirus cases.  Dr. Theresa Tam, Canada's chief public health officer, has urged people to behave as though there is coronavirus in their community, even if there haven't been any recorded cases.    The novel coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people.  For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.  There is no proven treatment or vaccine for the virus, which first emerged in China in late 2019.    What's happening in the provinces and territories Police in British Columbia have made hundreds of home visits to make sure residents who recently returned home from abroad are following self-isolation orders.  The visits were to roughly 500 people who had not responded to phone calls and text messages from authorities making sure recent travellers were quarantining as promised.   Read more about what's happening in B.C.  WATCH |   Travellers arriving in B.C. met with strict quarantine instructions: As travellers land in B.C., they are expected to have detailed quarantine plans and will receive followup calls a few days later.  2:07 Alberta is reporting an outbreak at an Amazon warehouse north of Calgary.  Dr. Deena Hinshaw, the province's chief medical health officer, says there are five cases at the site in Balzac.   The company reported its first confirmed case among the more than 1,000 full-time workers on April 12.  Also Friday, Hinshaw announced the province is launching a voluntary mobile app to expand contact tracing.   The app, once downloaded, uses Bluetooth to identify any other nearby phones that have the same app.  Anyone with the app who later develops COVID-19 will be asked to upload the data to Alberta Health Services, which will use it to reach out to those who came in contact with the person.   Read more about what's happening in Alberta.  WATCH | Alberta plant to reopen after COVID-19 outbreak: Employees of the Cargill plant in High River, Alta., are worried for their safety as the plant plans to reopen two weeks after a COVID-19 outbreak.  1:58  Saskatchewan on Friday reported 26 new cases   — the largest single-day increase in more than a month, and the second largest increase in the province since the pandemic began, behind the 30 new cases reported on March 28.   Of the 26 new cases, 19 are in La Loche and the surrounding area, including Clearwater River Dene Nation.    \"We've very concerned with the increase in cases,\" said Dr. Saqib Shahab, Saskatchewan's chief medical health officer.   \"The current outbreak in the north is due to further community transmission; people who have been exposed in the community.\" Read more about what's happening in Saskatchewan.  New rules kick in for Manitoba care homes today, limiting health-care workers to just one care home.   The province reported four new cases of COVID-19 on Friday, bringing the total to 279.  Read more about what's happening in Manitoba.   '  Do you know I love you?'  : Winnipeg couple of 70 years 'connects' through window amid COVID-19 restrictions   WATCH |   Winnipeg couple of 70 years 'connect' through window amid restrictions:  Winnipeg couple of 70 years 'connect' through window amid COVID-19 restrictions 1:34 Ontario reported eight COVID-19 outbreaks at long-term care homes on Friday, bringing the provincial total to 198.   In response to the spread of COVID-19 in long-term care and retirement homes, a provincial health-care advocacy group is organizing a day of action Friday to call for improved access to testing and personal protective equipment at the facilities.  Also on Friday, the province announced it would allow some businesses to reopen on May 4 \"under strict guidelines.   Read more about what's happening in Ontario.    A cyclist wearing a face  mask rides past cherry blossoms fenced off to curb gatherings at a park in Toronto on Friday.  (Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press)  Quebec's director of public health says the province is launching a more \"aggressive\" testing strategy in the community, as it begins to loosen pandemic restrictions.   Dr. Horacio Arruda said the province is planning to conduct 14,000 tests a day, up from roughly 6,000 tests a day that it's currently doing.    Arruda also announced 163 more COVID-19-related deaths.  While this is the highest number reported on a single day, he said it includes previously unreported deaths for the month of April.  Read more about what's happening in Quebec, including concerns parents and teachers in the province have over a plan to reopen schools in under two weeks.  A person is given hand sanitizer before being tested at a COVID-19 testing clinic in Montreal on Friday.  (Ryan Remiorz/The Canadian Press)  New Brunswick has now gone 13 days straight without a new case of COVID-19.   \"That is very good news, but we are still actively searching for cases of COVID-19,\" said Dr. Jennifer Russell, the chief medical officer of health, during Friday's news briefing.  On Thursday, Russell cautioned there will be new cases in New Brunswick, but health officials are now more prepared for the next wave.  Read more about what's happening in  N.B. The Nova Scotia government announced Friday it is immediately easing some public health restrictions.   Rules around physical distancing and social gatherings remain in place.  People must keep two metres apart and not gather in groups of more than five.    ​​​​​​  Nova Scotia reported 12 new cases of COVID-19 on Friday, bringing its total to 959 confirmed cases.  The province has recorded 29 deaths related to COVID-19.  Read more about what's happening in N.S.  A paramedic and an ambulance is seen at Northwood Manor, one of the largest nursing homes in Atlantic Canada, in Halifax on Friday.  (Andrew Vaughan/The Canadian Press)  Prince Edward Island had no new cases of COVID-19 again on Friday.   Since Thursday, 75 new negative test results have returned, Chief Public Health Officer Dr. Heather Morrison said.  Read more about what's happening on P.E.I., including how the premier is asking the federal government to change its COVID-19 benefits program in order to motivate people to get back to work.    WATCH | COVID-19:  Is airborne transmission possible?  An infectious disease specialist answers your questions about the COVID-19 pandemic including whether airborne transmission is possible.  2:18 Newfoundland and Labrador reported one new case on Friday.   It's the first in five days.   On Thursday, the province introduced a reopening plan, which sets May 11 as a target date for the lifting of some restrictions, including around non-urgent medical care and low-risk outdoor activity.  That plan allowed households to form a \"bubble,\" allowing them to spend time with one other household.  On Friday, the province's chief medical officer of health warned that allowance could be rescinded if the number of new cases spikes.  Read more about what's happening in N.L.  In Canada's North,  all of the territory's 11 confirmed cases of COVID-19 have recovered.   Yukon Justice Minister Tracy-Anne   McPhee also announced Friday that someone has been charged under Yukon's Civil Emergency Measures Act for allegedly failing to self-isolate as required.   Read more about what's happening across the North.  WATCH |   Some good news from across the country on Friday: With much of the world struggling through the COVID-19 pandemic, there are still some good-news stories to report.  Here's a brief roundup.  3:13  What's happening in the U.S. From The Associated Press, updated at 9:15 p.m. ET More than a dozen states let restaurants, stores or other businesses reopen Friday in the biggest one-day push yet to get their economies up and running again, acting at their own speed and with their own quirks and restrictions to make sure the coronavirus doesn't come storming back.  People in Louisiana could eat at restaurants again but had to sit outside at tables three metres apart with no waiter service.  Maine residents could attend church services as long as they stayed in their cars.  And a Nebraska mall reopened with Plexiglas barriers and hand-sanitizing stations but few shoppers.  Meanwhile, the first drug shown to help fight COVID-19 won emergency approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.  In a major study, remdesivir shortened patients' recovery time from 15 days to 11 on average and may have also reduced deaths.  Shoppers wearing face masks enter a department store in Omaha, Neb., on Friday.  (Nati Harnik/The Associated Press)  President Donald Trump said Friday that he's hoping the total number of COVID-19 deaths in the United States will be below 100,000, which he acknowledged is a \"horrible number.\" Trump's predictions of the expected U.S. death toll have changed over time, with his earlier 60,000 projection now being eclipsed.  But he said at a White House event that \"maybe millions of lives\" have been saved by shutting down the economy.  More than 64,000 people have died in the U.S. so far.  With the crisis stabilizing in Europe and in many places in the U.S., countries and states are gradually easing their restrictions amid warnings from health experts that a second wave of infections could hit unless testing for the virus is expanded dramatically.  People wearing face masks are seen at a salon in Edmond, Okla., on Friday.  (Sue Ogrocki/The Associated Press)  In much of Colorado, people could get their hair cut and shop at stores again, though stay-at-home orders remained in place in Denver and surrounding counties.  Wyoming let barbershops, nail salons, gyms and daycare centres reopen.  In Maine, golf courses, hairdressers and dentists opened.  Hotels near South Carolina beaches opened and state parks unlocked their gates for the first time in more than a month.  But in Myrtle Beach, the state's most popular tourist destination, hotel elevators will be restricted to one person or one family — a potential inconvenience at the area's 15- and 20-storey resorts.  Workers wearing face masks are seen at a reopned restaurant in Houston on Friday.  (Brett Coomer/Houston Chronicle via AP)  Texas's reopening got underway with sparse crowds at shopping malls and restaurants allowing customers to dine in, though only at 25 per cent capacity in most places.  A video posted on social media showed a city park ranger in Austin getting shoved into the water Thursday while asking people in a crowd to keep six feet apart from each other.  Police charged a 25-year-old man with attempted assault.  Around the country, protesters have demanded governors reboot the battered economy.  More than 100 people chanted and carried signs in front of Chicago's Thompson Center, where Illinois Gov. J.B. Pritzker has an office, to call for an end to the statewide lockdown.  Pritzker has said he will not lift his order until it's safe, and several counterprotesters expressed support for his position.  Nurse anesthetist Benjamin Salazar held up a sign that read, \"Stay home.  We are getting tired of seeing people die.\" Protesters rally against Illinois stay-at-home order outside in downtown Chicago on Friday.  (Nam Y. Huh/The Associated Press)  New Mexico Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham invoked the state's Riot Control Act as she sealed off all roads to nonessential traffic in the city of Gallup, population 70,000, to help control a surging coronavirus outbreak in the former trading post on the outskirts of the Navajo reservation.  In the hardest-hit corner of the U.S., New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said schools and colleges will remain closed through the rest of the academic year.  In Washington state, where the nation's first COVID-19 case was confirmed in January, Gov. Jay Inslee said Friday that he is extending the state's coronavirus stay-at-home order through at least May 31 and that he will ease the restrictions in four stages.  Washington also had the first deadly cluster of cases in the U.S., at a Seattle-area nursing home.  What's happening around the world From The Associated Press and Reuters, updated at 3:45 p.m.  ET Countries must lift lockdowns gradually, while still being \"on the look-out\" for COVID-19 and ready to restore restrictions if the virus jumps back, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Friday.  Vulnerable people in institutions, including those in long-term care facilities, prisons and migrant dormitories, must be protected, said Dr. Mike Ryan, WHO's top emergencies expert.  Even if the virus is coming under control, communities must know to still follow physical distancing and hygiene measures, and testing of suspect cases must continue, he said.  WATCH |  WHO review finds COVID-19 remains a public health emergency: 'We know too little about the transmission of the virus,' said Dr. Didier Houssin, expert adviser to the WHO, as he identified key issues that need to be addressed..  2:12  As in much of the rest of Europe, Italy's May Day traditions, which pay tribute to the role of workers in society, have been upended by lockdown rules forbidding gatherings during the coronavirus pandemic.  The heart and soul of Italy's May Day commemoration have been rallies led by union leaders, followed by an evening of rock and pop music in Rome, drawing crowds sometimes topping 100,000 in the square outside St. John in Lateran Basilica.     Italy's PM tries to manage expectations as some regions eager to reopen  This year, musical artists will take turns performing solo in venues without anyone in the audience.  Their music will be broadcast on TV and by state radio, with the evening's theme being,  \"Working in safety to build a future.\" Deaths from   COVID-19 in Italy climbed by 269 on Friday, down from 285 the day before, the Civil Protection Agency said, while the daily tally of new infections stood at 1,965 compared to 1,872 on Thursday.  WATCH | Italian cities test physical distancing measures as restrictions soon to ease: Picturesque Florence and Ostia prepare to slowly transition to a somewhat new normal beginning May 4.  1:02  In Germany, hundreds gathered in a square in Berlin on Friday to mark May Day.  They did so in defiance of a ban on public gatherings of more than 20, exposing deep frustrations with physical distancing rules in place in Germany since mid-March to contain the spread of the coronavirus.  Germany has been slowly easing its way out of a six-week lockdown.  Small shops reopened this week, and playgrounds, museums and churches will follow starting on Monday.  Most Germans support the lockdown enforced by the country's 16 states and backed by Chancellor Angela Merkel, despite its heavy toll on the economy, which is expected to contract by a record of more than six per cent this year.  Demonstrators practice social distancing at a Labour Day rally in Duisberg, Germany, on Friday.  (Caroline Seidel  /dpa via AP)  Britain has hit its target of carrying out 100,000 COVID-19 tests a day, Health Minister Matt Hancock said on Friday, stressing the program is crucial to helping ease a national lockdown.  He set the target of 100,000 tests by the end of April after being criticized for moving too slowly compared to other countries such as Germany.   Hancock also announced the British death toll had risen by 739 to 27,510 deaths  — just below that of Italy, which was one of the first and worst-hit European countries.  A medical worker takes a swap at a coronavirus drive-thru testing centre in the parking lot of the closed Chessington World of Adventures Resort theme park in London on May 1.    (Warren Little/Getty Images)  French President Emmanuel Macron warned on Friday that the end of the national lockdown on May 11 would only be a first step as France looks to pull out of the crisis created by the COVID-19 outbreak.   The number of people who have died from the disease in France rose by 218 to 24,594 on Friday, while hospitalisations and people in intensive care continued to decline, France's public health chief said.  Spain's government expects that the eurozone's fourth-largest economy will shrink by 9.2 per cent this year and that unemployment will reach 19 per cent of the working-age population.  Deputy Prime Minister Nadia Calvino announced the grim forecast on Friday when she explained Spain's economic stability plan that it has presented to the European Union.  An elderly person wearing a face mask is seen sitting in a wheelchair in Barcelona on Friday.  (Nacho Doce/Reuters)  Russia registered almost 8,000 new coronavirus cases on Friday in yet another record daily spike, bringing the total to 114,431.  The number of cases is likely to be much higher as not everyone gets tested, and tests in Russia were reported to be only 70 to 80 per cent accurate.   'This situation is very scary':  Coronavirus is disrupting Vladimir Putin's Russia     In at least five Russian regions, health officials registered a surge of pneumonia cases.  In Moscow, which accounts for half of all virus cases, all respiratory infections are likely to be caused by the coronavirus, according to the public health agency Rospotrebnadzor.  Police officers are seen wearing face masks while on patrol in St. Petersburg, Russia, on Friday.  (Dmitri Lovetsky/The Associated Press)  Japan will formally decide as early as Monday whether to extend its state of emergency, which was originally set to end on May 6.    In China, Beijing's parks and museums, including the ancient Forbidden City, reopened to the public after being closed for months by the coronavirus pandemic.  WATCH |   May Day celebrations prompt surge at China's tourist hot spots as COVID-19 restrictions lessen Outside Beijing's Forbidden City, one man expressed the joy of the moment:    \"I hope that by coming here to visit, I can start a beautiful day in 2020.\"   0:53   Forbidden City, parks in Chinese capital reopen to public   India  said on Friday it would extend its nationwide lockdown for another two weeks after May 4, but would allow \"considerable relaxations\" in lower-risk districts marked as green and orange zones under the government's plan to fight the novel coronavirus.    The country registered another daily high in coronavirus cases, with nearly 2,000 recorded in the past 24 hours.  India's Health Ministry said Friday the 1,993 new cases and 73 more deaths bring the country's totals to 35,043 cases and 1,147 deaths.  The government is due to decide the future of its 40-day lockdown on Sunday.  It allowed migrant workers and other stranded people to resume their journeys on Wednesday, as well as some shops to reopen and manufacturing and farming to resume.  A volunteer at Jhandewalan temple in New Delhi packs free food packets Friday to be distributed by the Sewa Bharti organization during a government-imposed nationwide lockdown as a preventive measure against COVID-19.  (Prakash Singh/AFP/Getty Images)  A holiday atmosphere enlivened South Africa's streets as the May Day public holiday is also when the country has begun easing its strict lockdown.  For the first time in five weeks, people were permitted to walk outside for exercise between 6 a.m. and 9 a.m., and thousands, with mandated face masks and keeping distance, were out walking through the streets.  Some South Africans will be able to return to work in small batches and many businesses will resume limited operations.  Many factories can resume operations in phases, starting with only a third of employees allowed to return, and they must abide by distancing and other guidelines.  Public transport, including trains and buses, will begin operating with a restricted number of passengers.  Even with the easing, South Africa's lockdown remains strict, with no sales of liquor and cigarettes permitted.  A South African Police Service officer commands a man to wear a face mask in Hillbrow, Johannesburg, on Friday, during a joint patrol by the South African National Defence Force, the South African Police Service and the Johannesburg Metro Police Department.  (Michele Spatari/AFP/Getty Images)  Zimbabwe's President Emmerson Mnangagwa extended a nationwide lockdown to fight the new coronavirus by two more weeks and announced a $720 million US stimulus package for distressed companies, most which will be allowed to reopen on Monday.  Brazil reported a record 7,218 cases in the last 24 hours and 435 additional fatalities.  Peruvian authorities, meanwhile, closed a busy food market in Lima after mass rapid testing confirmed more than 160 positive cases.  WATCH |   May Day 2020 brings protests, arrests and little physical distancing:  A roundup of events from some cities around the globe.  1:30  " 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  The World Health Organization has come under fire for its response to the global coronavirus pandemic, with threats of funding cuts and investigations into its conduct.  But experts say that while the WHO may have made some missteps in its handling of the crisis, the organization is only as powerful as its weakest link.  INTERACTIVECoronavirus tracker: 56,000+ cases in Canada on Saturday The United Nations agency was founded in 1948 with a mandate to act as an authority on international health.    Its 194 member states fund the agency and set Its policies, and it is accountable to them.  Conversely, it has discretionary power to investigate members' handling of public health crises, but it relies on their co-operation and information sharing.  \"An organization like the World Health Organization can only be as strong and as effective as its member states want it to be,\" said Steven Hoffman, director of the Global Strategy Lab and a global health law professor at York University in Toronto.    \"So,  one of the challenges that the World Health Organization has faced over the last decades is that it keeps on getting new responsibilities and no new resources.\  " In 2005, its responsibilities increased with the adoption of the International Health Regulations (IHR), a legal agreement signed by all members that requires countries to report emerging disease outbreaks that are at risk of spreading worldwide.    WATCH |   WHO defends its record on COVID-19  The World Health Organization has defended its handling of the coronavirus outbreak after President Donald Trump orders withdrawal of U.S. funding for the organization.  2:55  In doing so, experts say the WHO took on a more political role in juggling the domestic interests of its individual members with the interests of the rest of the world.  \"They have never performed well in that function  — not once,\  " said Amir Attaran, a professor in the Faculties of Law and School of Epidemiology and Public Health at the University of Ottawa, who told CBC's Sunday Edition the WHO should never again preside over a pandemic.    \"They cave to diplomatic pressure.  Or even if there is not diplomatic pressure, they self-censor.\  "    Attaran said an agency entrusted with ensuring compliance with an agreement like the IHR cannot also operate with the \"attitude of a diplomat.\  "  Tedros shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping before a meeting in Beijing on Jan. 28.  Amir Attaran says the WHO will consistently 'cave to diplomatic pressure.'  (Naohiko Hatta/Reuters) \"It cannot simultaneously be constantly begging countries for co-operation in certain areas where it's expected at the next moment to turn on them severely and possibly fault them for hiding an epidemic.\"  Hoffman says the agency is \"doomed by its institutional design.\"  China announces additional $30M in funding for WHO  \"The criticisms that WHO has faced are not fair in the sense that WHO is not an independent entity, it's essentially acting on behalf of its member states, who control it,\" he said.    \"So, the criticism is really a criticism of those national governments' inability to create the kind of strong public health agency that the world needs in this globalized era.\"  Early response to pandemic criticized On Dec. 31, China alerted the WHO to a mysterious outbreak of pneumonia in the city of Wuhan, in the central Chinese province of Hubei.    But it would be weeks before the WHO declared the situation a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on Jan. 30, a key designation that determines whether a country's response to an outbreak has been effective and if more resources are needed.    The timing of that emergency declaration is critical at the beginning of an epidemic and can have ripple effects on how quickly countries around the world respond.    China didn't warn public of likely pandemic for 6 crucial days  \"I think that happened probably a week too late,\" said Hoffman, adding that the organization was \"hung\" over whether the outbreak constituted an emergency.    While the WHO considered the emergency declaration, Chinese officials acted swiftly to silence early informal releases of information from health care workers sounding the alarm in Wuhan, opting instead to carefully manage the release of information in the weeks before the WHO would be allowed on the ground.    Former Canadian ambassador to China David Mulroney said that information was put through a \"political prism\" in China and delayed as local officials determined how to put the best possible face on the crisis before sending it up the line to Beijing.    \"You never want to give bad news to your boss in China,\" he said.    Health care workers attend to COVID-19 patients at the intensive care unit of a designated hospital in Wuhan, China, on Feb. 6.  The WHO was quick to praise China for its efforts to contain the coronavirus outbreak but has been criticized for not declaring a public health emergency of international concern quickly enough.  (China Daily/Reuters)  Mulroney said that problem highlights an inherent issue within the WHO: it can be \"stonewalled\" by a member country on the release of information — posing a \"significant risk\" at a critical time in an outbreak.  Lynette Ong, an associate professor of political science at the University of Toronto and a China specialist, said the WHO needed to maintain a diplomatic relationship with China in order to encourage the conducting of investigations and the sharing of key data.    When Chinese health officials quickly genetically sequenced the virus from an infected patient, the WHO lauded the effort, calling it a \"notable achievement\" that \"demonstrates China's increased capacity to manage new outbreaks.\" CBC InvestigatesWhy some experts are questioning China's coronavirus claims  \"But  you do not also want to overdo it, to be too deferential and too friendly to the extent that you cannot take a step back and then question the things that they share with you,\  "  she said.    \"WHO is being criticized, rightly so, and a lot of the criticism is justified to my mind because they have probably gone a little too far to the other side of being too deferential.\  "  Ong said that while the WHO was \"outwardly praising\" China for its capacity to build hospitals and put in place strict lockdown of millions of its citizens that helped flatten their epidemic curve, the country did so by casting aside privacy and human rights with Draconian restrictions on citizens.  Health care workers walk a patient into a hospital in Wuhan on Jan. 27.  Former interim Liberal leader and Canada's special envoy on humanitarian and refugee issues  Bob Rae says there is no evidence to suggest the WHO actively suppressed the release of any information on the pandemic.  (STR/AFP/Getty Images)  \"The  other side of the criticism, which I also think is justified, is the cover-up at the beginning, which I don't think the WHO has actually addressed at all,\  " she said, adding the world lost two to three weeks at a \"very crucial time\" in tackling the outbreak.  \"Had there not been any cover-up, I think the world probably, we would be in a different position.\"  Should the WHO be held accountable?    Calls for the WHO to be held accountable for its response to the global coronavirus have been been growing.  Australia says it will call for an international investigation into the origin of the pandemic at next month's annual meeting of the World Health Assembly, the decision-making body of the WHO.  And U.S. President Donald Trump has already cut funding to the organization, saying it \"failed\" in its duty.    Still, the U.S. is working with the agency.  The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has, since late January, had a member on the WHO's emergency committee, which also includes Canada's Chief Public Health Officer Dr. Theresa Tam as an adviser.    Tam said that while she would welcome a review of the pandemic advice provided by the WHO, she does not fault it for its initial response because health experts all over the world \"underestimated where this could go.\"  WATCH |  Dr. Theresa Tam says it would be 'worthwhile to examine' the WHO's response to COVID-19  In an exclusive interview, Canada’s Chief Public Health Officer Dr. Theresa Tam tells CBC’s chief political correspondent Rosemary Barton that health experts underestimated the global COVID-19 spread and that it would be \"worthwhile to examine\" the World Health Organization's response.  1:29 Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada would continue to work with the WHO because the virus \"demands a global, co-ordinated response.\  " He added there will be \"plenty of time to reflect on challenges\" in the future.  Former interim Liberal leader Bob Rae and Canada's special envoy on humanitarian and refugee issues said that while the WHO does act as a source of information, alert and guidance for countries in a pandemic, that doesn't take away the responsibility of governments to take the steps they feel necessary.    Wuhan health officials raise death toll linked to COVID-19 by 50% \"You could never say, 'Well, you know, [the WHO] didn't tell us how serious it was.'  Of course they did,\"  Rae said.  \"The question as to how each country should respond to the information is entirely up to each country.  It's not up to the WHO.\  " The WHO doesn't issue directives \"to say you should carry out a lockdown, you should limit transportation, you should cut off all flights.\  " Rae said that while it can be difficult for the WHO to navigate the challenges of the Chinese political system, there's no evidence to suggest the organization actively suppressed the release of any information on the pandemic.  He says the criticism of the WHO is \"completely misguided\" and that cutting funding to the organization at a critical time is a strategic \"mistake.\  "  \"I think every crisis such as this one will prompt every governmental agency, both domestic and international, to reflect on what happened and to see how it can be improved,\" he said.  \"That is an issue that is going to be quite legitimately placed at the doorstep of the WHO.\  "" 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  Hundreds of protesters, some armed, gathered at Michigan's state Capitol in Lansing on Thursday objecting to Gov. Gretchen Whitmer's request to extend emergency powers to combat COVID-19, an appeal Republican lawmakers ignored.  The protest appeared to be the largest in the state since April 15, when supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump organized thousands of people for \"Operation Gridlock,\" jamming the streets of Lansing with their cars to call out what they said was the overreach of Whitmer's strict stay-at-home order.  The slow reopening of state economies around the United States has taken on political overtones, as Republican politicians and individuals affiliated with Trump's re-election promoted such protests in electoral swing states, such as Michigan.  Many people at Thursday's \"American Patriot Rally,\" including militia group members carrying firearms and people with pro-Trump signs, appeared to be ignoring state physical-distancing guidelines as they clustered together within 1.8 metres (six feet) of each other. '  Open this state' \"Gov.   Whitmer, and our state legislature, it's over with.  Open this state,\  " Mike Detmer, a Republican U.S. congressional candidate running for the state's 8th District spot held by Democrat Elissa Slotkin, told the crowd.  \"Let's get businesses back open again.  Let's make sure there are jobs to go back to.\  " Police allowed more than 100 protesters to peacefully enter the Capitol building around 1 p.m. ET, where they crammed shoulder-to-shoulder and sought access to legislative chambers, some carrying long guns and few wearing face masks.  THE LATESTCoronavirus:  What's happening in Canada and around the world April 30Lives RememberedWhat  we know about the first 1,000 COVID-19 deaths in Canada People had their temperature taken by police as they entered.  Inside, they sang the national anthem and chanted: \"Let us  work.\" Other speakers at the event, which had different organizers than the mid-April protest, questioned the deadliness of COVID-19, the respiratory illness caused by the novel coronavirus.  They also said Whitmer's stay-at-home order violated constitutional rights, and urged people to open their businesses on May 1 in disregard of her order.  Exercising right to freedom of speech State authorities have warned that protesters could be ticketed for violating physical distancing rules.  The mayor of Lansing, Andy Schor, said in a statement on Wednesday that he was  \"disappointed\" protesters would put themselves and others at risk, but recognized that Whitmer's order still allowed people to \"exercise their First Amendment right to freedom of speech.\" State legislative approval of Whitmer's state of emergency declaration, which gives her special executive powers, is set to expire after Thursday.  WATCH |  Angry mob storms Michigan capitol  : Hundreds of demonstrators pushed their way in, protesting the governor's COVID-19 emergency measures 0:38  She had asked for a 28-day extension, though Republican lawmakers in control of the statehouse instead voted on bills to replace the state of emergency and her executive orders with \"a normal democratic process,\" according to a statement from Republican House Speaker Lee Chatfield.  Whitmer is likely to veto moves to limit her authority, and state Democrats denounced the Republican efforts as political theatre.  Whitmer contends that her emergency powers will remain in place regardless under other state laws.  The stay-at-home order is set to continue through May 15, though she has said she could loosen restrictions as health experts determine new cases of COVID-19 are being successfully controlled.  A protester yells at Michigan State Police after demonstrators occupied the state capitol building during a vote to approve the measures.  (Seth Herald/Reuters)  Whitmer has acknowledged that her order was the strictest in the country, but she defended it as necessary as Michigan became one of the states hardest hit by the virus, having already claimed 3,789 lives there.  Protesters, many from more rural, Trump-leaning parts of Michigan, have argued it has crippled the economy statewide even as the majority of deaths from the virus are centred on the southeastern Detroit metro area.  INTERACTIVECoronavirus tracker: 56,000+ cases in Canada on Saturday  Many states, including Georgia, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Ohio, have already moved to restart parts of their economies following weeks of mandatory lockdowns that have thrown nearly one in six American workers out of their jobs.  " 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "    Coronavirus Brief (CBC)    The stories behind the first 1,000 lives lost to COVID-19 in Canada.  Did the WHO mishandle the global coronavirus pandemic?  Newfoundland and Labrador moves to ease COVID-19 restrictions, 2-household links allowed.  Nunavut reports 1st case of COVID-19; Alberta premier to outline how province plans to reopen its economy.  Read more: Find the COVID-19 benefits and programs relevant to you.    The USNS Comfort hospital ship leaves New York City after the last patient aboard was discharged earlier this week.  (Justin Heiman/Getty Images)  Questions about outdoor COVID-19 transmission risks grow as weather improves As millions of Canadians eye the imminent arrival of better weather and feel the effects of six weeks stuck largely at home, some are wondering whether spending more time outdoors is a risk worth taking.  Research about the likelihood of outdoor transmission of the virus is virtually non-existent.  While crowded outdoor spaces pose a clear risk of infection, there is little doubt that COVID-19 spreads far more easily indoors than outdoors.  The competing priorities of urging people to stay at home to prevent infections and the mental health costs of spending too much time indoors, mixed with the unclear risks of outdoor transmission, have public health officials struggling to craft a clear and consistent message.  B.C.'s provincial health officer, Dr. Bonnie Henry, told people in her province on Wednesday to go outdoors.  \"The risk [of catching the virus] would be infinitesimally small  if somebody walks by you, runs by you  —  even if they are within six feet,\  " she said.  Her Ontario counterpart was less definitive; Dr. David Williams said it's important that people who go outside do so in ways that allow for physical distancing.  \"Don't go to places where you think everybody else is going to go.  Don't go at hours when everybody else is going,\  "  he said.  While evidence about outdoor transmission of the virus is lacking, research \"has consistently shown that transmission is strongly dependent on being in close proximity to a sick person for some period of time,\" the National Collaborating Centre for Environmental Health said.  The centre, a Vancouver-based team of researchers funded by the Public Health Agency of Canada, is sounding caution about the negative effects of limiting people's access to the outdoors during the COVID-19 pandemic.  Instead of making more outdoor space available, Toronto is lessening it by shutting its largest park starting today.  The closure of High Park is to prevent crowds from gathering around groves of cherry trees to view their blossoms.  Dr. Eileen De Villa, Toronto's medical officer of health, has rejected calls that the city close downtown streets to traffic to free up more room for pedestrians, saying it could encourage people to congregate on the closed streets.  Click below to watch more from The National Antibody testing can determine whether someone has had COVID-19 even if they didn’t have symptoms, and could shed more light on where outbreaks have occurred.  3:04 IN BRIEF  The stories behind the first 1,000 lives lost to COVID-19 in Canada Across the country, thousands of Canadians are struggling with a lack of closure because of the COVID-19 pandemic.  Physically prohibited from being with their loved ones in their final moments, they are saying goodbye on phones, screens or, in some cases, not at all.  The story of COVID-19 in Canada is more than a graph.  Each of those data points represents a hole in the lives of a Canadian family who are now forced to mourn at a distance.  For several weeks, a team of CBC journalists has been keeping track of those who died, trying to find out as much as we can about who these people were in an effort to tell their stories.  Unlike many other countries, Canada has an incomplete picture of the toll of COVID-19, writes CBC News editor in chief Brodie  Fenlon​​​​.  As part of the Lives Remembered project, CBC News is setting out to learn who is being disproportionately affected and to help everyone understand how to deal with this pandemic in the months ahead.  If you would like your loved one's information included in our data set, please email covid-data@cbc.ca.  Read more stories from the Lives Remembered project    Did the WHO mishandle the global coronavirus pandemic?  The World Health Organization has come under fire for its response to the global coronavirus pandemic, with threats of funding cuts and investigations into its conduct.  But experts say that while the WHO may have made some missteps in its handling of the crisis, the organization is only as powerful as its weakest link.  In 2005, the WHO's responsibilities increased with the adoption of the International Health Regulations (IHR), a legal agreement signed by all members that requires countries to report emerging disease outbreaks that are at risk of spreading worldwide.  In doing so, experts say the WHO took on a more political role in juggling the domestic interests of its individual members with the interests of the rest of the world.  \"They have never performed well in that function  — not once,\  " said Amir Attaran, a professor in the faculties of law and school of epidemiology and public health at the University of Ottawa.  While the WHO considered an emergency declaration in January, Chinese officials acted swiftly to silence early informal releases of information from health-care workers sounding the alarm in Wuhan.  \"You never want to give bad news to your boss in China,\" said former Canadian ambassador to China David Mulroney.  He said that highlights an inherent issue within the WHO: it can be \"stonewalled\" by a member country on the release of information — posing a \"significant risk\" at a critical time in an outbreak.  Read more about the WHO    Newfoundland and Labrador moves to ease COVID-19 restrictions Effective today, Newfoundland and Labrador residents can expand their household bubbles under the COVID-19 pandemic.  Chief Medical Officer of Health Dr. Janice Fitzgerald unveiled the provincial government's five-stage plan for relaxing public health restrictions, including conditions that need to be met as the province progresses from present conditions  — what it calls Level 5 — to living with COVID-19 — Level 1.  The government's alert system comes as the province marks the fourth straight day with no new COVID-19 cases.  Effective today, Newfoundland and Labrador residents can expand their household \"bubble\  " — the immediate group people live and interact with under public health restrictions — to one other household to interact with, provided the other household agrees.  Each household can interact only with each other.  The provincial government has set May 11 as the target date for moving to Level 4, provided several conditions, are met, including widely available testing and capacity in the health system to handle the caseload.  Should the conditions be met, Level 4 includes the relaxation of restrictions on low-risk outdoor recreational activities, low-risk non-essential businesses and the resumption of some medical procedures in regional health authorities.  No target date has been set for Level 3 or lower.  Read more about Newfoundland and Labrador's plan   THE SCIENCE  How do we develop a vaccine if experts worry our antibodies aren't providing full immunity?  CBC News readers, viewers and listeners have sent in countless questions about the COVID-19 pandemic, including this one.  If you have a question of your own, reach out at covid@cbc.ca.  As for the issue at hand: Right now, evidence strongly suggests the antibodies we are producing do indeed provide us with some sort of immunity, according to Matthew Miller, associate professor in the Michael G. DeGroote Institute for Infectious Disease Research at McMaster University.  \"The real questions are for how long does that protection last,\  " he said.  \"I think that's sort of a bigger issue.\" Dr. Isaac Bogoch, infectious diseases specialist at the University Health Network, agreed.  \"I believe we will make a vaccine for this and that the antibodies that people produce will very likely provide some level of protection.  The question is how much protection and for how long.\"  Bogoch said doctors and scientists are focusing on the lifespan of the antibodies because the coronavirus does in fact mutate.  That means antibodies you created to fight off the virus the first time you are exposed may not be effective the next time.  But Miller added that antibodies aren't the only part of your immune system that protects you from the virus.  \"There are also these cells called T-cells and they can help provide protection as well,\" he said.  \"It's kind of a mixture of antibodies and T-cells that do the work for your immune system in order to protect it.\" AND FINALLY...  Teachers in Steinbach, Man., surprise graduating students at their homes With social isolation, teachers say they wanted to give the students a pick-me-up  so the school organized the early morning surprise to celebrate the graduating class.  1:35 Grade 12 students from Steinbach Regional Secondary School in southeastern Manitoba woke up to a big surprise Wednesday, as some of their teachers showed up with lawn signs saying \"congratulations.\" With the school's normal graduation activities postponed for now because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the school organized the early morning gesture to celebrate the graduating class.  \"I think our grads need a pick-me-up.  It's been tough work for them at home, being distanced from their friends and normal  routine,\  " said Sherry Bestvater, co-principal of the school.  The teachers started decorating their cars early in the morning with yellow ribbons and balloons and banners displaying the school's logo, the sabre, on them.  Some teachers held signs that said \"SRSS Grad 2020\  " while the parade of cars went down Main Street honking and cheering.  \"[I] was not expecting that.  It's really nice to know that our school is doing everything they can for all the grad students,\" student Parker Rempel said.  Read the full story about the teachers' surprise    Send us your questions Still looking for more information on the outbreak?  Read more about COVID-19's impact on life in Canada, or reach out to us at covid@cbc.ca.  If you have symptoms of the illness caused by the coronavirus, here's what to do in your part of the country.  For full coverage of how your province or territory is responding to COVID-19, visit your local CBC News site.  To get this newsletter daily as an email, subscribe here.  Click below to watch CBC News Network  live  CBC News Network showcases the best of CBC journalism, covering breaking stories with speed, and adding context and meaning along the way.  CBC News Network is also the destination for original journalism, with added depth from CBC News bureaus across the country and around the world.  NaN:NaN" 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  Deaths from the coronavirus outbreak have piled up so fast in the Amazon rainforest's biggest city that the main cemetery is burying five coffins at a time in collective graves.  Soon, the city may run out of coffins.  Manaus, the capital of Amazonas state, was the first in Brazil to run out of intensive care units, but officials warned that several other cities are close behind as the country registered a record 6,276 new coronavirus cases on Wednesday.  Brazil's Health Ministry on Thursday reported 435 related deaths in the prior 24 hours, bringing the death toll to 5,901 out of 85,380 confirmed cases.  In Rio de Janeiro, cemeteries have accelerated construction of above-ground vaults to entomb a wave of deceased patients.  Undertakers in Manaus even resorted to burying coffins one on top of the other this week, but the city stopped the practice after grieving relatives protested.  Brazilians tend to the grave of a loved one at Parque Taruma cemetery in Manaus.  (Bruno Kelly/Reuters)  Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, who has downplayed the gravity of the virus, calling it a \"little cold,\" came under new criticism for his remarks on the soaring deaths.  \"So  what?  I'm sorry, but what do you want me to do?\  " Bolsonaro told reporters on Tuesday, saying he could not \"work miracles.\" The accelerating death rate in Brazil is the most concerning of all emerging-market countries, Deutsche Bank analysts told clients in a note on Wednesday.  In Manaus, which is accessible only by plane or boat from the rest of Brazil, corpses are accumulating in a refrigerated container improvised as a morgue freezer as they await burial.  At the main Taruma cemetery, a new area has been opened where undertakers were digging rows of graves and now just trenches for five coffins at a time.  Brazil's President Jair Bolsonaro, left, has seen his justice and health ministers depart this month.  In the event that Bolsonaro were to be removed from office, Vice-President Hamilton Mourao, right, would likely take the helm.     (Ueslei Marcelino/Reuters)  The mayor's office said the city's funeral system was collapsing and running out of coffins.  Only two relatives are allowed to attend burials, and sometimes there is nobody to accompany the coffins to the grave.  The city is recommending that families cremate their dead.  Pot-banging protests  Bolsonaro's response to the crisis is one of the reasons most polls have seen his support sag.  He fired his health minister two weeks ago and in some parts of the country citizens bang pots out of their windows in the evening in a symbolic protest.  \"It's time to talk.  The president is digging his grave,\" former president Fernando Henrique Cardoso wrote on Twitter on Friday.  \"He should resign before he is forced to resign.  Save us, in addition to coronavirus, from having a long impeachment process.\" Bolsonaro also saw his justice minister resign last week.  Sergio Moro alleged that the president was looking to interfere in police investigations and looking to tap an ally to lead the federal police.  Bolsonaro was forced to withdraw the choice on Wednesday after the country's top court blocked the pick.  The Supreme Court authorized an investigation into allegations by Bolsonaro's former justice minister that the president had abused his power by swapping the police chief.  Sons accused of wrongdoing All three of Bolsonaro's sons have been accused of wrongdoing.  Backlash grows against Brazil's Bolsonaro  even as he moderates tone on pandemicJair Bolsonaro, who has downplayed coronavirus, fires Brazil's health minister Carlos Bolsonaro is the subject of a Supreme Court probe looking at his role in disseminating \"fake news,\" according to newspaper Folha de S.Paulo.  His brother, lawmaker Eduardo Bolsonaro, was accused in a congressional investigation of participating in a \"fake news\" scheme.  Their eldest brother, Senator Flavio Bolsonaro, is also being investigated by state prosecutors in Rio de Janeiro over alleged money laundering and misuse of public funds.  All three have denied any wrongdoing.  " 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  U.S. intelligence agencies said Thursday they believe the new coronavirus was \"not manmade or genetically modified\" but are still examining whether the origins of the pandemic trace to contact with infected animals or an accident at a Chinese lab.  The statement from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), the clearinghouse for the web of U.S. spy agencies, comes as U.S. President Donald Trump and his allies have speculated about the as-yet-unproven theory that an infectious disease lab in Wuhan, the epicentre of the Chinese outbreak, was the source of the global pandemic that has killed more than 220,000 people worldwide.  In recent days, the Trump administration has sharpened its rhetoric on China, accusing the geopolitical foe and vital trading partner of failing to act swiftly enough to sound the alarm to the world about the outbreak or to stop the spread of the virus that causes COVID-19.  The new ODNI statement says, \"The  Intelligence Community also concurs with the wide scientific consensus that the COVID-19 virus was not manmade or genetically modified.\  "  \"The IC will continue to rigorously examine emerging information and intelligence to determine whether the outbreak began through contact with infected animals or if it was the result of an accident at a laboratory in Wuhan.\  " 'All available evidence' suggests COVID-19 had animal origin and wasn't produced in lab — WHONo, the new coronavirus wasn't created in a lab, scientists say \"The  mere fact that we don't know the answers — that China hasn't shared the answers  —  I think is very, very telling,\" Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said recently.  Trump on Thursday took it a step further, suggesting the release could have been intentional, reflecting another occasion in which he's clashed with U.S. intelligence, which occurred most notably on the subject of Russian interference in the 2016 election.  \"It's a terrible thing that happened,\" the president said Thursday at the White House.  \"Whether they made a mistake or whether it started off as a mistake  and then they made another one, or did somebody do something on purpose.\  " Pompeo brings up proximity to wet market  Pompeo has pressed China to let outside experts into the lab \"so that we can determine precisely where this virus began.\" While Trump and Pompeo have made public statements speculating about the lab, a U.S. intelligence official disputed the notion that there was any pressure on agencies to bolster a particular theory.  The intelligence official was not authorized to publicly discuss the issue and spoke only on condition of anonymity.  The agency has not had a Senate-confirmed director since Dan Coats stepped down last year, with Joseph Maguire and now Richard Grenell filling in on an interim basis.  Rep. John Ratcliffe of Texas, one of the Trump's most loyal defenders during the impeachment process, has been nominated to succeed Coats, with a Senate confirmation hearing tentatively scheduled for next week when the Senate reconvenes.  Scientists say the virus arose naturally in bats.  Even so, Pompeo and others have pointed fingers at an institute that is run by the Chinese Academy of Sciences.  It has done groundbreaking research tracing the likely origins of the SARS virus, finding new bat viruses and discovering how they could jump to people.  \"We know that there is the Wuhan Institute of Virology just a handful of miles away from where the wet market was,\  "  Pompeo said two weeks ago.  The institute has an address 13 kilometres from the market that is considered a possible source.  Virus 'should be studied by scientists':  Beijing U.S. officials say the American Embassy in Beijing flagged concerns about potential safety issues at the lab in Wuhan in 2018, but they have yet to find any evidence the virus originated there nearly two years later.  The Chinese government said Thursday that any claims that the coronavirus was released from a laboratory are \"unfounded and purely fabricated out of nothing.\  " Did the WHO mishandle  the global coronavirus pandemic?The DoseWhy does a crisis like the COVID-19 pandemic give rise to conspiracy theories?  Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang cited the institute's director, Yuan Zhiming, as saying the lab strictly implements bio-security procedures that would prevent the release of any pathogen.  \"I would like to point out again that the origin of the virus is a complex scientific issue, and it should be studied by scientists and professionals,\  "  Geng said.  Geng also criticized U.S. politicians who have suggested China should be held accountable for the global pandemic, saying they should spend their time on \"better controlling the epidemic situation at home.\  " But a Chinese government spokesperson, Zhao Lijian, demonstrated that China was not above sowing confusion in the face of the pandemic.  He tweeted in March the falsehood that the virus might have come from the U.S. Army.  " 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  Economic lockdowns brought on by the coronavirus pandemic look set to cut global energy demand and carbon dioxide emissions by record amounts, the International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Thursday.  Global energy demand could slump by six per cent in 2020 because of the restrictions placed on homes and industry in what would be the largest contraction in absolute terms on record, according to Paris-based IEA, which advises industrialized nations on energy.  The slump would lead to a drop in carbon dioxide emissions of eight per cent, six times larger than the biggest fall of 400 million tonnes recorded in 2009 following the global financial crisis, according to the IEA, which described its estimate as conservative.  \"Some countries may delay the lifting of the lockdown, or a second wave of coronavirus could render our current expectations on the optimistic side,\" the organization's executive director, Fatih Birol, told Reuters.  Business activity has stalled across much of the globe as the containment measures hammer the world economy, cementing economists' views of a deep global recession. '  So much uncertainty': New data highlights global economic pain from COVID-19Global lockdowns might reduce CO2 emissions but won't halt climate crisis, scientists say Carbon intensive coal demand has so far been hit the hardest by the pandemic, with demand in both the first quarter and projections for 2020 as a whole down eight per cent compared with the same periods last year.  Global natural gas demand could fall by around five per cent in 2020 while electricity generation fell by 2.6 per cent in the first quarter.  Renewable power generation rose during the period by three per cent with new wind and solar projects coming online.  \"Given the number of deaths and the economic trauma around the world, this historic decline in global emissions is absolutely nothing to cheer,\  "  Birol said, urging governments to seize on the disruptions to build greener energy infrastructure.  Earth Day 2020  —  the 50th anniversary will be the weirdest Earth Day ever The share of renewables in global electricity supply neared 28 per cent in Q1 2020 (first quarter), up from 26 per cent in Q1 2019 and is expected to reach 30 per cent by the end of the year.    Oil storage shortage  An unprecedented pact by top oil-producing countries this month to rein in output to balance supply with flagging demand may not succeed, the IEA warned, with places to store the excess crude running out.  Oil demand fell by five per cent over the first quarter but could ultimately be the worst-hit fuel over 2020, with total demand down as much as nine per cent.  WATCH |  The impact of lockdowns on air quality in various cities around the world:    An unintended consequence of the coronavirus lockdown has been a noticeable improvement in air quality.    Here's a look before and after the lockdown began in various cities around the world.  1:10 \"At the current pace in the oil market, we may well see around mid-June the global storage capacity can be full,\  "  Birol said, noting the problem was worst in North America.  Global oil demand is expected to fall a record 9.3 million barrels per day (bpd) in 2020, and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and other top producers, such as Russia, agreed to cuts of almost 10 million bpd, equivalent to about 10 per cent of global production, starting on May 1.  \"My call to them is to consider further cuts,\  "  Birol said.  " 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  The latest:  The lives behind the numbers: What we know about the first 1,000 COVID-19 deaths in Canada..  The federal deficit could top $252 billion, according to the parliamentary budget officer.  Alberta unveils its plan to reopen economy.    Nunavut sees first confirmed case of COVID-19.  Newfoundland and Labrador outlines plan for relaxing public health restrictions.    Turmoil, with a side of anxiety.  Restaurants face uncertain future amid COVID-19.  What doctors and parents should watch for when COVID-19 affects children, including 'COVID toes.'  INTERACTIVE   |   See the latest data on coronavirus cases in Canada.  Have a coronavirus question or news tip for CBC News?  Email: Covid@cbc.ca    As a number of provinces outline plans for relaxing restrictions and reopening their economies, Canada's parliamentary budget officer warns the federal deficit for the year could hit $252.1 billion as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.    Those numbers are based on the nearly $146 billion in spending measures the government has undertaken in response to the pandemic, the decline in the country's gross domestic product, and the price of oil remaining well below previous expectations.  Prime Minister Justin Trudeau defended the government's spending in his daily COVID-19 press briefing Thursday, saying Canada needs to invest now to make sure an economic recovery will be possible, \"as quickly as possible.\" \"Canadians are strong and resilient people, and our economy was in great shape before going into this,\  "  Trudeau said.  \"There will be a time after this is all done ... where we will have to make next decisions on how that recovery looks, but right now our focus is on getting through this as a country.\" A sign on a closed theatre  encourages local residents in High River, Alta.  , amid the worldwide COVID-19 flu pandemic.    (Jeff McIntosh/The Canadian Press)  Alberta Premier Jason Kenney announced a three-stage plan to reopen Alberta's economy Thursday.  The plan will begin next week with the resumption of some non-urgent surgeries and office reopenings for service providers such as dentists, physiotherapists, speech and respiratory therapists.  Provided there is no surge in infection rates, the province will move to Stage 1 of its relaunch May 14, when some retail stores and businesses will be able to reopen.  Those will include clothing and furniture stores, hair salons and barber shops, museums and galleries, and restaurants and bars, as long as they maintain only 50 per cent capacity.  \"A full return to normal won't come until there is an effective vaccine or treatment, or until the virus is no longer here to threaten us,\" Kenney said in a news conference from Edmonton.  Alberta Premier Jason Kenney announced a 3-stage plan to reopen Alberta amid the COVID-19 pandemic.    (Jason Franson/The Canadian Press)  Access to provincial parks and public lands will also be reopened using a phased-in approach.   Alberta Parks' online reservations will be available May 14 to book site visits beginning June 1.    Physical distancing guidelines will be maintained and gatherings will be limited to 15 or fewer people.   Arts and culture festivals, major sporting events, and concerts, movie theatres, theatres, swimming pools, recreation centres, arenas, spas, gyms and nightclubs will all remain closed.  Stage 2, which has no firm date attached, would see things like the potential reopening of kindergarten to Grade 12 schools, and access to more personal services, such as artificial tanning, manicures, pedicures, waxing and massage.  Theatres could also reopen under specific restrictions and larger gatherings would be permitted.    Stage 3 would see the return of arts and culture festivals, nightclubs, gyms and pools, and non-essential travel.     Alberta to begin gradual reopening next week, with emphasis on outdoor activities    Earlier in the day, Dr. Janice Fitzgerald, Newfoundland and Labrador's chief medical officer of health, unveiled a five-stage plan for relaxing public health restrictions in that province.  The plan comes as the province marks the fourth straight day with no new COVID-19 cases.   The only immediate rule change is the expansion of the household \"bubble\  " — the immediate group that people live and interact with under public health restrictions.   Now, households can pick a second household to spend time with.    Should masks be mandatory in public to stop the spread of COVID-19?  How hospitals will tackle the backlog of nearly 100,000 delayed surgeries    Fitzgerald's update came on the same day as Ontario Premier Doug Ford offered further guidance to businesses on how they should go about reopening.  In a news briefing, Ford said he was \"laser-focused\" on reopening the province's economy, as the infection curve in Ontario is flattening.    Manitoba unveiled its own phased plan for reopening some sectors of the economy on Wednesday.  Prince Edward Island and Quebec have also offered glimpses of what the coming months might hold.  Also on Thursday, Nunavut reported its first confirmed case of COVID-19, according to a media release.  In the release, Nunavut's chief public health officer, Dr. Michael Patterson, wrote that such news \"was only a matter of time\" and that the individual is currently in isolation and doing well.  \"We ask people not to place any blame, not to shame and to support communities and each other as we overcome COVID-19 in Nunavut,\  "  Premier Joe Savikataaq was quoted as saying in the release.  WATCH  | Nunavut confirms first COVID-19 case in the territory:    As of 8:00 p.m. ET on Thursday, there were 53,236 confirmed and presumptive coronavirus cases in Canada, with 21,437 of the cases considered resolved or recovered.  The CBC tally puts coronavirus-related deaths at 3,279 in Canada and another two deaths of Canadians abroad.     The new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms for most people.  For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness or death.  The Public Health Agency of Canada says the risk varies between and within communities,  \"but given the increasing number of cases in Canada, the risk to Canadians is considered high.\"  Read on for a look at what's happening in Canada, the U.S. and around the world.  What's happening in the provinces and territories Police in British Columbia have made visits to some 500 homes in the province to make sure recently returned travellers are following rules to self-isolate.   \"They perhaps didn't take this as seriously as we like,\" said MLA Ravi Kahlon, who is responsible for overseeing the process for the B.C. government.   \"So a local officer would knock on their door and say, 'Hey, the province is trying to get ahold of you  —  you need to call them back.'\  "  Read more about what's happening in  B.C. A meat processing plant in Alberta that is at the centre of a COVID-19 outbreak is set to reopen on May 4 with one shift, a decision the union for workers at the High River facility has described as \"incredibly concerning.\" The Cargill plant has been linked to more than 1,200 cases.  Read more about what's happening in Alberta.     Alberta Premier Jason Kenney starts second year in office dealing with 3 crises  ANALYSIS  |  What's worse than losing billions of dollars in the oilpatch?  Not knowing when it will stop  WATCH |   Fort McMurray tries to manage devastating flood during pandemic: Some COVID-19 restrictions for physical distancing have had to be removed in Fort McMurray as it tries to mitigate further damage from a devastating flood that has forced more than 13,000 people from their homes.  1:53  Saskatchewan Premier Scott Moe is clamping down on travel between communities in the far north of the province as the region deals with an outbreak of COVID-19.   Moe says he's ordering a ban on non-essential travel between northern communities.  The government is also sending $20,000 to La Loche to fund public safety and food security.   Read more about what's happening in Saskatchewan.  Manitoba is going to start easing some of its COVID-19-related restrictions starting on Monday by allowing dentists, physiotherapists, retail stores, hair salons and restaurant patios to open at no more than 50 per cent capacity.  Campgrounds, museums, libraries and art galleries will also be allowed to reopen, and all will have to maintain physical distancing and comply with public health restrictions.  Read more about what's happening in Manitoba.    Premier mourns sister while leading Manitoba through pandemic Patio season on the way as Manitoba restaurants hustle to get ready for physically distanced opening    At his daily briefing on Thursday, Ontario Premier Doug Ford announced 65 new safety guidelines for businesses as the province prepares for a gradual reopening.   \"We're  on the path to reopening the economy because we see that curve is flattening,\  " Ford said.  \"I'm laser focused on opening things up as quickly as we can.\"   The province reported 459 additional cases of COVID-19 on Thursday, a figure consistent with new daily case counts seen throughout much of April.   Read more about what's happening in Ontario.    COVID-19's strain brought these London charities together, now they're helping even more people Niagara EMS pledges 'comprehensive investigation' into how medic came to work with COVID-19    The death rate from COVID-19 in Quebec will remain very high for the foreseeable future, Premier François Legault warned Thursday, even as he sought to address criticism of his government's plan to ease pandemic restrictions in the coming weeks.   Of the 98 new deaths recorded in the past 24 hours in the province, 92 have been of seniors in care.  Read more about what's happening in Quebec.  WATCH |   It's time to be more disciplined than ever, Legault says Quebec Premier François Legault says despite plans to reopen Montreal, he won't hesitate to delay it if people don't behave appropriately.  1:02 New Brunswick  reported no new cases for the 12th day in a row.    Still, Premier Blaine Higgs extended emergency measures for another two weeks, with some revisions.    Read more about what's happening in N.B.    WATCH |   How New Brunswick avoided a potential COVID-19 catastrophe: New Brunswick is home to Canada’s oldest and unhealthiest population, but has so far come through the COVID-19 pandemic with few hospitalizations and no deaths.  2:01 Health officials have identified 12 new cases of COVID-19 in Nova Scotia, bringing the province's total to 947, while the number of deaths remains at 28.   Most of the deaths have occurred at the Northwood long-term care facility in Halifax.  The home is facing the most significant outbreak of any facility in the province, with 208 residents and 73 staff infected as of Wednesday.   Read more about what's happening in N.S. Prince Edward Island's premier is reminding people that the first phase of reopening that begins this week doesn't mean a return to normal.   \"All of us, we have had to make painful and disruptive adjustments to our lives.  I wish I could tell you that that would end on May 1, but that wouldn't be the truth,\" Dennis King said.  Read more about what's happening in P.E.I, including how the virus's spread is ensuring tourists won't be coming to the Island anytime soon.    WATCH | COVID-19 could be more severe in people with asthma  : People with asthma aren’t at higher risk of getting COVID-19, but an infection could result in more severe symptoms. 0:52  Newfoundland and Labrador unveiled the provincial government's five-stage plan for relaxing public health restrictions Thursday, including benchmarks that need to be met as the province progresses from present conditions  — what it calls Level 5 — to living with COVID-19, which is Level 1.   The first step was announcing the expansion of the household \"bubble\" —  the immediate group that people live and interact with under public health restrictions.  Now, households can pick a second household to spend time with.    Read more about what's happening in N.L. Nunavut reported its first case of COVID-19 on Thursday, with the individual reportedly in isolation and otherwise good health.  The Northwest Territories has released a broad overview of how it plans to handle reopening amid COVID-19.   The plan, which begins with a \"response\" stage, then a \"recovery\" stage, before moving to \"resiliency,\" had few specifics, sparking concern from the opposition.  Read more about what's happening across the North.  What's happening in the U.S.  From Reuters and The Associated Press, updated at 7:00 p.m. ET Confirmed infections globally have reached about 3.2 million, including one million in the U.S., according to a tally by Johns Hopkins University.  The true numbers of deaths and infections is likely much higher because of limited testing, differences in counting the dead and concealment by some governments.       '  So much uncertainty':  New data highlights global economic pain from COVID-19   Volunteers prepare groceries to be given out at a drive-thru Three Square Food Bank emergency food distribution site at Boulder Station Hotel & Casino in Nevada Wednesday in response to an increase in demand amid the coronavirus pandemic.    (David Becker/AFP/Getty Images)  Government figures released Thursday showed that 3.8 million laid-off workers applied for jobless benefits in the U.S. last week, raising the total to about 30.3 million in the six weeks since the outbreak forced the shutdown of factories and other businesses from coast to coast.  The U.S. unemployment rate for April is due late next week, and economists have said it could range as high as 20 per cent  —  a level last seen during the Depression.  Later Thursday, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said U.S. state and local governments could need close to $1 trillion US in aid over several years to cope with the aftermath of the pandemic, as lawmakers began plotting more coronavirus relief legislation.    ANALYSIS  |   Is the global trading system unravelling before our eyes?  Here is where things stand  Did the WHO mishandle the global coronavirus pandemic?    Also Thursday, world equity benchmarks saw their best month in 11 years as a rebound in oil prices, expectations of more government stimulus, and encouraging early results from a COVID-19 treatment trial helped ease the pain of February and March.  WATCH | Excitement  , caution follows upbeat news about trial of antiviral drug for COVID-19: 'We were looking for a win,' said Dr. Isaac Bogoch, but he tempered that optimism by pointing out the need to have a look at all the data and determine how remdesivir can be used.     7:28  Meanwhile, California Gov. Gavin Newsom on Thursday ordered all state beaches closed after people flocked to the seashore in a few locations last weekend.  The governor said he hopes the order won't last very long.  But he said he felt he had to do it to protect public health.  An Orange County official, where one of the state beaches is located, called it \"an overreaction,\" as residents have been following physical distancing guidelines.  Some beaches under county jurisdiction have already been closed during the crisis.    California Gov. Gavin Newsom orders beaches closed in Orange County  Some scientists surprised Oval Office used to release preliminary antiviral drug details    What's happening around the world From The Associated Press and Reuters, updated at 3:30 p.m.  ET Spain recorded its lowest daily coronavirus death tally in six weeks on Thursday, but data showing the economy shrank by the widest margin on record in the first three months of the year laid bare the heavy cost of measures to control the outbreak.  The death toll stood Thursday at about 24,500 after an increase of 268 in the last 24 hours, or 57 less than the increase the day before.  The caseload is officially more than 213,000, although Spain is not counting untested infections or those that are becoming known through antibody tests, which mostly identify patients after they have passed the COVID-19 disease.  Staff direct traffic as key workers arrive for a test for COVID-19 at a drive-in testing centre at Glasgow Airport on Wednesday.  (Andrew Milligan/AFP/ Getty Images)  Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Britain was now past the peak of its coronavirus outbreak and promised to set out a lockdown exit strategy next week, despite rising deaths and criticism of his government's response.   The government has been criticized for failing to catch most cases of COVID-19 and now says wide-scale testing will be key to controlling the virus and easing a nationwide lockdown.  Earlier this month it vowed to perform 100,000 tests a day by April 30.  The number has been climbing steadily, but the highest daily total reached so far is 52,000.  In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel says authorities will allow religious services to resume and let museums, zoos, galleries and playgrounds reopen as part of the gradual loosening of the pandemic lockdown.  Merkel said after meeting with governors of Germany's 16 states that it was important to remain \"disciplined\" to ensure successful efforts to curb the coronavirus outbreak aren't undone.    She acknowledged the impact that the lockdown measures have had on the economy and social life, but said officials wanted to wait until next week before considering lifting restrictions on kindergartens and most schools.  General view of a drive-in coronavirus testing facility in Berlin on Thursday.    (John MacDougall/AFP/Getty Images)  Denmark, the first country outside Asia to ease its lockdown, said the spread of COVID-19 has not accelerated since the gradual loosening of restrictions began in mid-April.    COVID-19 appeared to come late to Russia, compared with North America and Europe, but now, it's striking with a vengeance, the damage compounded by the lack of personal protective equipment for hospital workers.  The country surged past 100,000 confirmed COVID-19 cases, with approximately 1,000 reported deaths.  Those are extremely low numbers compared with the experience of western Europe.   Still, many doctors — even those sympathetic to the government —  have told CBC News part of the challenge is that Russia's tests return an unusually large number of false negative results.  On Thursday, Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin told President Vladimir Putin that he had been diagnosed with the coronavirus.  'This situation is very scary': Coronavirus is disrupting Vladimir Putin's Russia    Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to extend the ongoing coronavirus state of emergency beyond its scheduled end on May 6.  Abe said Thursday that hospitals are still overburdened and medical workers are under severe pressure to deal with the still-rising number of patients.  Abe said he will consult with experts to decide how long the measures should be extended.  Local officials and medical experts have called for another month's extension nationwide.  Japan still had more than 200 new cases overnight, bringing a national total to some 14,000 cases, with 415 deaths.  South Korea reported no new domestic cases.  The national tally stood at 10,765, while the death toll rose by one to 247.  Indonesia's confirmed COVID-19 cases have surpassed 10,000.  The government reported nearly 350 new cases, bringing the country's total to over 10,000 with almost 800 deaths as of Thursday.  The country also reported there are more than 1,500 patients who have recovered.  A medical worker wears a protective suit after checking the homeless in Jakarta after Indonesian authorities prepared the sports halls for homeless people to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.  (Ajeng Dinar Ulfiana/Reuters)  Total reported coronavirus cases in Brazil soared to 78,162, with 449 deaths in the last 24 hours.  The Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says coronavirus cases across the continent have increased 37 per cent in the past week.   Africa now has more than 36,000 cases, including more than 1,500 deaths.  Trucks wait in a line on the road to enter Uganda in Malaba, a city in western Kenya, on Wednesday.    All truck drivers must take a test for COVID-19 and wait 24 hours to get the result.  The driver must stay inside the truck and is only allowed to get off to unload at the destination.    (Brian Ongoro/AFP/Getty Images)  While the continent's capacity to test for the virus is growing, shortages of test kits remain across Africa.  That means more cases could be out there.  But the head of policy with the Africa CDC, Benjamin Djoudalbaye, tells reporters that the virus \"is not something you can hide.\" In South Africa, which has the most cases in Africa with more than 5,300, Health Minister Zweli Mkhize says that authorities are \"very hopeful we have averted the first storm.\" The country has been praised for testing assertively and will slightly loosen a five-week lockdown on Friday.  WATCH  |   Dr. Theresa Tam on WHO response to COVID-19, reopening Canada:  Part 3 of 3 of Rosemary Barton’s exclusive interview with Chief Public Health Officer Dr. Theresa Tam on the WHO’s response to COVID-19, reopening Canada and the personal stresses that come with her job.  11:55" 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  Jennifer Patrick was terrified of dying alone.    The 65-year-old was diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis nearly two years ago.  She relied on progressively higher and higher concentrations of oxygen and a few months ago was moved to a Calgary nursing home.    Since the diagnosis, Britt Patrick said her mom just kept repeating her fear   — \"I don't want to die alone.\  " But two days after she contracted COVID-19 that's exactly what happened.  On April 19, the 65-year-old from Airdrie, Alta., was having a panic attack, gasping for air.  She hadn't seen a friend or family member in days.  It was her husband's birthday.  They'd spent the last 41 years together but hadn't seen each other since the Calgary home, Extendicare Hillcrest, was locked down to visitors.   Her daughter and grandchildren were two provinces away.  Her nurse, who was sitting by her bedside, left the room to get morphine to ease her panicked gasps for air.   When the nurse returned, Jennifer Patrick was gone.    \"It was very, very surreal,\  " Britt Patrick said.  \"I feel like maybe my dad should have been allowed in with proper protection just to say goodbye.\" No chance to say goodbye Patrick said  her mom's COVID-19 diagnosis didn't come as a shock.  The Winnipeg resident knew Calgary was experiencing high numbers of COVID-19 cases, and said she had an ominous feeling, knowing her mom already had a serious respiratory illness.  But the speed of her mom's death, without a chance to say goodbye, left her reeling.  She doesn't even remember what they talked about during their last phone call   —  the oxygen deprivation had increasingly made talking on the phone difficult for her mom.  \"That's frustrating  and that's hard,\  "  she said.  \"I  know  I ended up missing a phone call with her.  I had been trying to get ahold of her for quite a while  and I finally got a phone call back.  I was just getting out the door and I didn't have time to answer it  and I wish I'd taken that two minutes to take that conversation.\  "  She also doesn't know what to tell her three children.  \"They're struggling with it, they're asking, 'When can we go out there?   Are we going to the funeral?'   They're asking very obvious questions for children that I can't answer and that's frustrating, to not be able to let them know when we can visit Grampy, when we can do these  things,\  "  she said.  Dying alone all too common during pandemic While Patrick may feel alone in her grief, tens of thousands of families globally are facing the same harsh reality — forced to say goodbye through a video call or being deprived of even that small connection, due to precautions in place or personal safety decisions made to avoid spreading the infectious disease.  University of Alberta nursing professor Donna Wilson studies end-of-life care, bereavement and what it means to have a good death.  She said while initially many of us were taken by surprise by the pandemic, now that it has been the reality for months, it's time to find better ways to let people say goodbye.  \"There has to be a way around this,\  "  Wilson said.    If a family member thinks it wasn't a good death ...  they may have seriously complicated grief.- Donna Wilson, University of Alberta nursing professor  Wilson said the deathbed goodbye — where loved ones gather around a dying person's bedside to make amends, and express sentiments that may have previously gone unsaid —  is a centuries-old custom for a reason.  \"People don't want to be alone, they want to be surrounded by their family members, the people that really mean something to them   …  it's really important because people have the opportunity to say something to the dying person that maybe they never said before.\  " She said international research has shown that a good death, which is somewhat expected, largely free from suffering, and in accordance with a patient or their family's wishes, is vital to the grieving process for those left behind.  \"If  the family member thinks it wasn't a good death … they grieve harder and longer and they may never get over the death, they may have seriously complicated grief,\" she said.  The families of people who died after getting COVID-19 are sharing the stories of their loved ones to encourage others to do what they can to prevent further spread of the coronavirus.  2:05  That's the situation Britt Patrick finds herself in.    \"You have people who are passing away afraid and alone, why can't we at least set something up to allow people to say goodbye  safely?\  " she said.    Michael Bittante, the regional director for Extendicare, said while Jennifer Patrick's family was contacted and informed of her condition, end-of-life visits are not always feasible.  \"We continue to provide end-of-life visitation with families when possible, using personal protective equipment and infection control measures.  Unfortunately, this is not always possible for a number of reasons, including the progression of  a resident's illness,\" he said.    CBC News reached out to Extendicare to clarify the timeline as to when residents are allowed end-of-life visitors, and the company reiterated that it is following provincial directives.  Donna Wilson said it's important for the government or health officials to step in, as they did to limit visitors to nursing homes, to ensure end-of-life visits happen.  \"We're looking at a lot of people that are going to be really severely damaged if they're blocked from the deathbed,\  "  she said.  Wilson suggested strategies like bringing in retired nurses to facilitate visits and assist visitors with donning protective equipment, or arranging for visits to be held in private rooms near the entrances of buildings or even in ambulances, that can be cleaned after each visit.    \"If you can get a nurse in and out of a hospital  safely … you can bring a relative in and out safely.\" Some end-of-life policies were applied too strictly Dr. Deena Hinshaw, Alberta's chief medical officer of health, said Wednesday that she knows the protective measures in place at long-term care facilities are causing many residents to feel increasingly isolated and said some end-of-life visitation policies were being applied more strictly than intended.  \"There have been some interpretations where some believed the intention of the order was [to only allow visits] in the last few hours of life ...  it's very difficult to arrange for visits in that very narrow window,\  "  she said.    \"We expect that individuals who are dying must have the opportunity to have their loved ones at their side.\  " She said up to two visitors can be allowed to see those estimated to be two weeks away from death, as long as they maintain two metres of physical distance.  New COVID-19 public health order intended to ensure no Albertan has to die alone  While that update doesn't change anything for Britt Patrick, she's learned one thing in her grief she wants to share.  \"Just take every chance to connect with your loved ones.\  " There were 503 cases of COVID-19 in nursing homes across Alberta as of Wednesday.  In the two weeks since an outbreak was declared at Jennifer Patrick's nursing home, eight residents have died, and 19 residents and 10 staff members have contracted COVID-19.  " 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  When Jennifer Martino looks back on the last seven weeks since the COVID-19 pandemic took hold it's with a mix of pity and intense pride.    The pride comes from the fact that the executive director of the Crouch Neighbourhood Resource Centre and her team were able to create an opportunity out of a potential disaster.    \"We lost access to our space on very short notice when the library shut down.  Glen Cairn Community Resource Centre was kind enough to open their doors and we decided by working together we can service many more people in our community than working alone,\  " Martino said.    Now, the two non-profit agencies have started a delivery service together, taking emergency aid packages of fresh produce and hygiene products to London families in the Hamilton Road and   Pond Mills areas who wouldn't ordinarily have them.    Need for emergency food has quadrupled Crouch Neighbourhood Resource Centre executive director Jennifer Martino and Glen Cairn Community Resource Centre executive director Stanislav Rajic have teamed up to combine their resources and ease the strain of helping so many in need.    (Colin Butler/CBC News)  The pity Martino feels however, comes from the fact that no matter no how much they've overcome and no matter how hard or well the two non-profits work together, the surge in demand during this unprecedented health crisis just seems to keep growing.  In their first week, the two groups were delivering aid packages to 40 households, now it's 160 households or 400 people.    \"It's a pretty significant jump in a seven week time period.  That's not the kind of jump in demand you want to see, of course,\  " she said.    Charity groups like these are an important part of the city's social safety net, providing fresh food, resources and help to people who would otherwise fall through the cracks.  The problem is the COVID-19 pandemic is straining their ability to help, forcing some non-profits to trim back their aid delivery when it's needed most.  In this case however, the two groups have found that by pooling their resources, they can help even more people than they would going it alone.    Fresh food packages sent out by the local non-profits have a theme each week.  (Colin Butler/CBC) \"It's been amazing to see people pivot and meet a need we didn't  expect,\  " she said.  \"A lot of the people we're serving now are  first-timers.\" Martino said many of the people they're helping include families who have lost income because of the pandemic, seniors with health issues or the people with disabilities who are afraid or unable to leave their homes during the crisis.  One story in particular stuck out for Martino about a man who lost his job during the pandemic and could no longer afford rent.  He was forced to squeeze his wife, newborn baby and two teenagers into his mother's two-bedroom bungalow.  She said the elderly mother was beside herself.    Packages include food, books, cleaning supplies One of the most sought-after items by families are cleaning products, which charities are including in their care packages.    (Colin Butler/CBC News)  \"She was stressing not just about food supplies, but also things to keep these kids entertained,\  "  she said.    It's why the packages include not just food, but books, cleaning supplies, even hygiene products.  Whatever a family may need, the two charities are willing to deliver.    \"Even something as simple as shampoo and conditioner.  Those are the kinds of requests that are coming in on a weekly basis,\  "  she said.    It's a lot of work, but the reason the two non-profits are able to pull it off  is because they have a large amount of volunteers, including the employees of London armsmaker General Dynamics Land Systems, who have offered help with sorting and delivery during the pandemic.    \"This week we had the most deliveries we've ever done, but we've also had the most volunteers.   Going into week seven, we're feeling a lot better about it.  The supports are starting to come through with the funding,\" Martino said.  Hard to maintain robust food inventory Jennifer Martino is the executive director of Crouch Neighbourhood Resource Centre.  Her Strawberry Shortcake mask was hand sewn by her mother.    (Colin Butler/CBC News)  That includes a $20,000 donation announced by the United Way earlier this week to help bankroll the large amount of food they go through each week to keep families from going hungry.    \"It's hard to maintain the food levels  we need,\  "  she said.   \"Traditionally, non-profits rely on food donations and we work all year round and with the London food coalition.  With less access to food, we've needed to purchase food in large volumes for the first time,\  " she said.    \"It has been a leaning curve and, certainly, when you scale from 40 packages and a couple dozen people to these 400 people we're getting a week now, there's a lot of flexibility that is needed  but we're finding we're having a bigger impact.\  " Martino said there is still more work that needs to be done.  They're taking donations through an online campaign because no matter how many supplies they deliver, people always seem to need more.   " 
2020-04-29 00:00:00	 "  China accused Australia of \"petty tricks\" on Wednesday in an intensifying dispute over Canberra's push for an international inquiry into the coronavirus outbreak that could affect diplomatic and economic ties between the countries.  Prime Minister Scott Morrison said his proposed inquiry into how the coronavirus developed and spread would not be targeted at China, but was needed given COVID-19 has killed more than 200,000 people and shut down much of the global economy.  \"Now, it would seem entirely reasonable and sensible that the world would want to have an independent assessment of how this all occurred, so we can learn the lessons and prevent it from happening again,\  " he said.  Australian government ministers have repeatedly said China, the country's largest trade partner, was threatening \"economic coercion\" after its ambassador, Cheng Jingye, said this week that Chinese consumers could boycott Australian products and universities because of the calls for the inquiry.  The head of Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) called Cheng to express concern.  The Chinese embassy then released a statement detailing what it said was discussed on the call, prompting another rebuke from DFAT.  AnalysisPandemic, an economic meltdown, now a 3rd crisis:  China-U.S.  tensionsChina didn't warn public of likely pandemic for 6 crucial days  On Wednesday, the Chinese embassy returned fire, saying on its website that details of the call had first been \"obviously leaked by some Australian officials\" and it needed to set the record straight.  \"The  Embassy of China doesn't play petty tricks, this is not our tradition.  But if others do, we have to reciprocate,\" an embassy spokesperson said in the statement.  Australia accused of 'malicious campaign' Chinese state media has fiercely rounded on Morrison, with Australian studies scholar Chen Hong writing in the Global Times tabloid on Wednesday that Australia was \"spearheading\" a \"malicious campaign to frame and incriminate China.\  " And Hu Xijin, the editor in chief of the paper that is affiliated to the Beijing-controlled People's Daily newspaper, said on Chinese social media that Australia was always making trouble.  \"It is a bit like chewing gum stuck on the sole of China's shoes.  Sometimes you have to find a stone to rub it off,\  "  Hu wrote.  WATCH | Canada's public health head on the WHO response:  Part 3 of 3 of Rosemary Barton’s exclusive interview with Chief Public Health Officer Dr. Theresa Tam on the WHO’s response to COVID-19, reopening Canada and the personal stresses that come with her job.  11:55 New Zealand, which also has China as its largest trading partner, on Wednesday sided with neighbouring Australia in supporting an inquiry into the pandemic.  \"It's very hard to conceive of there not being a desire by every country in the world, including the country of origin, for an investigation to find out how this happened,\" Deputy Prime Minister Winston Peters said.  Australia's call for an inquiry has so far only received lukewarm support more widely, with France and the United Kingdom saying it was not the right time to focus on an inquiry. '  Worse' pandemic on horizon unless world deals with wildlife  markets'WHO should never again have authority over a pandemic,' says law and public health professor U.S. President Donald Trump has said China could have stopped the coronavirus before it swept the globe and that his administration was conducting \"serious investigations\" into what happened.  Mike Pompeo, his secretary of state, said at his weekly press briefing on Wednesday that he was astonished at the latest comments from Beijing.  \"Overnight  I saw comments from the Chinese foreign ministry talking about coercive activity with respect to Australia, who had the 'temerity' to ask for an investigation,\" said Pompeo.  \"Who in the world wouldn't want an investigation of how this happened to the world?\  " In an earlier interview Wednesday, Pompeo said the U.S. remains worried about laboratories in China and the world needs to get to the bottom of how the novel coronavirus began.  \"I can tell you there were real concerns about the labs inside of China,\" Pompeo said in an interview with Fox News.  \"I'm still concerned that the Chinese Communist Party is not telling us about all of what's taking place in all of the labs.\  "" 
2020-04-29 00:00:00	 "    Coronavirus Brief (CBC)    Number of COVID-19 deaths in Canada surpasses 3,000; MPs meet in House of Commons to debate emergency COVID-19 aid for students.  Reopening of Manitoba economy to start next Monday.  Trudeau stresses workers' safety as Trump moves to keep meat-processing plants open.  More than 50% of Canadian companies have lost at least one-fifth of their revenue to COVID-19, Statistics Canada says.  Read more: Find the COVID-19 benefits and programs relevant to you.    Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gives the thumbs-up before an in-person sitting in the House of Commons featuring a scaled-down number of MPs in order to follow physical distancing guidelines.  (Adrian Wyld/The Canadian Press)  How one nursing home director's fast actions may have saved lives More than half the residents at one seniors home in the west end of Toronto have tested positive for COVID-19, along with 66 staff members, while 39 Eatonville residents have died of the virus.  But at Ivan Franko Home, just seven kilometres down the road in Etobicoke, it has been a very different experience.  So far, there have been no cases of the virus — and no deaths.  The management team at the home implemented a comprehensive pandemic plan before the Ontario government declared a provincewide state of emergency.  Since then, executive director Terry Tonkovich said, the home has required staff to only work at one facility — either Ivan Franko or another one, but not both.  That measure was taken more than a month before Premier Doug Ford made it mandatory.  Ivan Franko Home also hired an additional housekeeper to help with constant disinfecting of commonly touched surfaces.  Management also provided two masks for each employee each day, while maintaining a strict control on its PPE inventory, and staff training and education on hygiene practices like hand sanitation and proper use of PPE were also increased.  At Eatonville, however, the union representing employees said the home failed to keep staff and residents safe.  Jane Meadus, a Toronto lawyer with the Advocacy Centre for the Elderly, said care homes were not doomed to experience a COVID-19 outbreak and some administrators could have done more to protect their residents and staff.  \"I don't think it had to be this  bad,\  " Meadus said.  Provincial data shows that at least 188 long-term care homes in Ontario have experienced a COVID-19 outbreak — a number Meadus considers \"much too high.\" Every long-term care home must have an infection prevention and control program that includes guidelines for detecting infections and actions to prevent transmission, but the implementation of those protocols is up to each individual home, said Meadus.  \"Long-term care homes here should have been put into a position where they were much better prepared and obviously that didn't happen,\  " she said.  Click below to watch more from The National Pediatricians are being warned to look out for an unusual COVID-19 symptom observed in children, purple swollen toes.  3:14 IN BRIEF Reopening of Manitoba economy to start next Monday Manitoba will begin a careful, multi-phased effort next week to gradually restore services, open some businesses and increase recreational opportunities while maintaining physical distancing, Premier Brian Pallister announced today.  As of May 4, a variety of non-essential health-care and retail businesses will have the option of reopening under strict guidelines.  Those services, businesses and venues include:  Non-urgent surgery and diagnostic procedures.  Therapeutic and medical services.  Retail businesses.  Restaurants — patio/walk-up services.  Hair salons.  Museums, galleries and libraries.  Seasonal day camps.  Outdoor recreation and campgrounds.    All businesses and venues being allowed to reopen will be required to continue following physical distancing and stringent cleaning practices to protect both employees and customers, Pallister said.  If results during or at the end of Phase 1 are not favourable, the province will not proceed with further phases and may instead reintroduce some measures, a news release from the government said.  Read more about Manitoba's plan    Trudeau stresses workers' safety as Trump moves to keep meat-processing plants open  Prime Minister Justin Trudeau wouldn't say whether his government would follow the lead of U.S. President Donald Trump's administration and order meat-processing plants to stay open during the pandemic — but stressed that workers' safety is a priority.  On Tuesday, in response to concerns about food shortages and supply chain disruptions, Trump issued an executive order under the Defence Production Act to compel meat-processing plants to continue operating.  The world's biggest meat companies — including Smithfield Foods Inc., Cargill Inc., JBS USA and Tyson — have temporarily shuttered operations at about 20 slaughterhouses and processing plants in North America after workers fell ill with COVID-19.  In Canada, the Cargill Inc. meat-processing plant near High River, Alta, is now the scene of the country's largest single site outbreak.  The Cargill plant and the JBS plant in southern Alberta — where dozens more workers have tested positive — together supply about two-thirds of Canada's beef.  McDonald's Canada, which prominently mentions its use of Canadian beef in its advertising, announced this morning that it will start importing meat as Canada's beef supply chain struggles to meet current demand.  Read more about the situation at meat-processing plants  More than 50% of Canadian companies have lost at least one-fifth of their revenue to COVID-19, StatsCan says More than half of the companies in Canada have lost at least 20 per cent of their revenue because of the COVID-19 pandemic, new numbers from Statistics Canada and the Canadian Chamber of Commerce suggest.  While the pandemic has hit all types of companies in all corners of Canada, the pain has not been felt evenly across the economy.  Businesses in the accommodation and food services sector were most likely to have felt the pinch, followed by entertainment and recreation and retail trade.  More than 60 per cent of businesses in those parts of the economy reported losing at least one-fifth of their usual revenue.  On the other end of the spectrum, more than 40 per cent of businesses in the agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting and utilities sectors reported no change or an increase in revenue.  The economic impact of COVID-19 was uneven geographically, too.  More than half of all businesses in Alberta, Ontario, British Columbia, Newfoundland and Labrador and Saskatchewan reported losing at least one-fifth of their revenue.  But almost one-third of companies in P.E.I, the territories and New Brunswick reported no change or an increase in revenue.  Read more about the pandemic's economic impact   THE SCIENCE How will schools enforce physical distancing?  CBC News readers, viewers and listeners have sent in countless questions about the COVID-19 pandemic, including this one from a teacher.  If you have a question of your own, reach out at covid@cbc.ca.  As for the issue at hand: So far, Quebec is the only province to say when children will return to the classroom.  Elementary schools and daycares will gradually reopen beginning May 11 outside the Montreal region, and May 19 on the island of Montreal, in Laval and surrounding suburbs.  But parents also have the option to keep their children at home.  Ontario's schools will remain closed until at least May 31.  Quebec is planning to physically distance children by limiting class sizes to 15 students and observing the two-metre distancing rule wherever possible, according to a report by CBC's Claire Loewen.  Premier François Legault said that may mean moving some classes into vacant high schools for the time being to ensure there is enough space.  Teachers will not wear protective clothing unless they have a health condition that puts them at risk.  On school buses, the rule will be one child per bench seat and recess periods will be staggered to minimize the number of kids playing outside at one time.  \"Kids are always touching things, themselves and each other and their faces.  And you can't tell a child not to hug a friend or touch a toy,\" Dr. Dina Kulik, a pediatric emergency medicine physician and the founder of Kidcrew Pediatrics Medical Clinic, told CBC News.  Kulik acknowledged many parents and children are struggling with school closures, but said that if we go back too soon, we may see a rise in cases because children can pass the virus along without showing any COVID-19 symptoms.  AND FINALLY...  On the road again, just can't wait to get on the road again    Matt Masters says he’s busier than ever with curbside concerts  3:06 A Calgary musician said his entire income stopped because of the COVID-19 pandemic, but now he's booked solid thanks to an innovative approach to taking the show on the road.  \"I have sung on a ship in the middle of the South Pacific and from the back of a horse in front of thousands of people  but I never thought I'd be singing on the rooftop of a minivan,\  "  Matt Masters told CBC News.  With venues closed because of the pandemic, Masters decided to bring his music to people by performing curbside concerts —  and he says he's tapped into something big.  \"I have been booking music for 20 years.  I have never had a week like this.  I have booked 50 shows.  I have another 50 emails I haven't even opened yet.  I will be at my 100th gig in no time,\  " said Masters, who hopes people find a fresh appreciation for artistic communities amid the pandemic.  Read the full story about the curbside concerts    Send us your questions Still looking for more information on the outbreak?  Read more about COVID-19's impact on life in Canada, or reach out to us at covid@cbc.ca.  If you have symptoms of the illness caused by the coronavirus, here's what to do in your part of the country.  For full coverage of how your province or territory is responding to COVID-19, visit your local CBC News site.  To get this newsletter daily as an email, subscribe here.  Click below to watch CBC News Network  live  CBC News Network showcases the best of CBC journalism, covering breaking stories with speed, and adding context and meaning along the way.  CBC News Network is also the destination for original journalism, with added depth from CBC News bureaus across the country and around the world.  NaN:NaN" 
2020-04-30 00:00:00	 "  British Second World War veteran captain Tom Moore, who has become a national hero after raising millions for the health service, celebrated his 100th birthday on Thursday with a promotion, military flypasts and a message from the prime minister.  Earlier this month, Moore began his fundraising mission for charities that help front-line National Health Service staff battling the COVID-19 crisis by completing laps of his garden with the help of a walking frame, initially setting out to raise just 1,000 pounds.  As he celebrated his centenary, the amount he raised topped 30 million pounds ($52 million Cdn), the Guinness World Record for the most money raised by an individual through a walk.  He has also become the oldest person to notch a number-one single on Britain's main music chart, having been featured on a cover version of You  'll Never Walk Alone, with his endeavours winning the hearts and admiration of the public at home and across the world.  To celebrate his birthday, Moore was appointed the first Honorary Colonel of the Army Foundation College, based near the town where he grew up, a position that came with the approval of Queen Elizabeth, the defence ministry said.  He has also been re-presented with his Second World War Defence Medal, which he had lost.  Second World War veteran captain Tom Moore and his daughter Hannah react as fighter jets pass over his home as he celebrates his 100th birthday Thursday.    (Emma Sohl/Capture the Light Photography/The Associated Press)  Historic Second World War aircraft carried out a flypast above \"Colonel\  "  Moore's home in Bedfordshire, central England, early on Thursday, with a second flypast by modern Royal Air Force helicopters due later.  Moore, who said he was still \"Captain Tom,\  " said he was honoured by his promotion and all the kind messages he had received. '  One man fundraising machine' \"If people choose to call me colonel, well thank you very much,\  " he told BBC TV with a chuckle.  The veteran, who served in Southeast Asia during the war, waved at the Second World War fighter planes as they flew over his home.  Since Monday, Britain's Royal Mail has added a special postmark to all stamped post with a congratulatory message to Moore, while more than 125,000 birthday cards have been sent to him by well-wishers, so many a nearby school has had to open and display them.  \"I  never, ever anticipated ever in my life anything like this, it really is amazing.  I must say ... thank you very much to everyone,  wherever you are,\  "  Moore said.  Captain Tom Moore's grandson Benjie stands in the Great Hall of Bedford School on Monday where over 125,000 birthday cards sent from around the world are being opened and displayed by staff.    (Joe Giddens/PA/The Associated Press)  His exploits earlier this month have been heralded by politicians and royalty alike.  U.K. Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who returned to work on Monday after recovering from COVID-19 himself, recorded a special message for Moore.  \"I  know  I speak for the whole country when I say we wish you a very happy 100th birthday.  Your heroic efforts have lifted the spirits of an entire nation,\  "  Johnson said.  Boris Johnson returns to 10 Downing Street and urges Britain to stay the course with lockdownU.K. appears to be on track for one of Europe's worst COVID-19 death tolls  He said Moore was a \"point of light in all our lives.\" The Royal Family have also sent messages of congratulations.  \"It's incredible  , it's amazing,\  " Prince William, the queen's grandson, said of Moore's efforts.  \"It's wonderful that everyone is being inspired by his story, his determination ...  he's a one-man fundraising machine.\"" 
