Everyone is wearing masks and protective gear.  
Why N95 masks are so important
Read more about the need for N95 masks   (CBC News)
Experts criticize Ottawa for destroying millions of N95 masks.
Canadian government shopping for high-demand N95 masks on international market.
Employees inspect disposable face masks on the production line of the
Shipment of N95 masks for front-line health-care workers expected today
Ontario will receive 250,000 N95 masks, five million procedural masks, 15 million gloves, 87,000 goggles and 50 ventilators; Quebec will receive 250,000 N95 masks, two million procedural masks and 15 million gloves; while British Columbia is set to receive 250,000 N95 masks. 
Read the full story about the face masks  
The biggest problem Brady facing is the shortage of masks.  
Meanwhile, Defence Department officials say the White House has approved the production of N95 masks.
Medical-grade masks, especially N95 masks, are to be reserved for those on the front lines of trying to contain the pandemic.
Not Just Tourists is sending N95 masks to a hospital in Hebei province.
A spokesperson for FCA has told CBC News the face masks will be produced in China.  
Chazan noted that over 13 million surgical and procedural masks, 200,000 N95 respirator masks, and 38 ventilators have been delivered to Ontario's pandemic stockpile warehouses.  
People wear face masks and goggles in Beijing on Feb. 15.
Manitoba hospitals to begin saving used N95 masks for possible sterilization and reuse"
| Dr. Tam's updated advice about wearing non-medical masks:  
In that situation, employees would also wear masks, gowns and gloves, which is standard when dealing with patients with the flu.
There are also face shields to protect paramedics from airborne droplets, and a variety of masks.
In January, the World Heath Organization recommended against the use of cloth masks, which when compared to medical-grade masks are not effective at blocking viruses.
Employees must wear masks all day and report their temperature twice a day.
In an afternoon news conference, Trump said that 3M is working to deliver 180 million N95 masks for the country's stockpile.
Gloves should be worn by staff handling towels or laundry.
The recommendation is the person that has the infection, and even the people in the apartment, wear masks during all their contact.
Andrews said many people in Milan are wearing masks and grocery store shelves are being stripped bare.
For more invasive procedures, there are additional precautions and gloves and masks must be changed between each patient and should also be changed if compromised.
The family member was wearing a mask during their interaction, Williams said.  
The country is also restricting exports to deal with nationwide shortages in face masks.
Chinese officials and hospitals have repeatedly spoken of a shortage of protective equipment, including face masks.
A woman wearing a face mask walks in a street during nationwide confinement measures in Paris.
Manitoban Colby Charles wears a mask while in public in China to help stop the spread of coronavirus.
Roussin discourages the general public from using of face masks, which are being sold out in some Winnipeg stores.
\"These specialized masks are only worn by our health-care workers for specific procedures in which aerosol sprays may be generated,\
During the spread of COVID-19, N95 masks have become popular products at pharmacies.
A local pharmacy manager, Edward Goma, estimated that his business had sold more than 800 face masks in the past few days.
— and wear a mask that covers their nose and mouth.
Tourists wearing protective face masks visit the Piazza San Marco, in Venice, on Feb. 24, 2020.
While Canada continues to try and secure new shipments of face masks and other personal protective equipment (PPE) both from domestic and international manufacturers, Tam said trying to find a way to reuse the masks and equipment the country is also important.
A 2009 study by researchers in the U.S. and Singapore uses schlieren imaging to show airflow from a person's mouth a) without a mask b) with a medical mask and c) with an N95 mask.
Because there are currently no domestic manufacturers of N95 masks, pressure put on the global supply by the coronavirus pandemic has left Canada in a precarious position.
Demand for gloves, masks People in China wore medical masks to public places like grocery stores, where workers dispensed hand sanitizer to customers.
Sometimes this full face protection is required if first responders can't wear other types of masks due to their facial shape or even facial hair.
However, the wearing of masks will be mandatory in shops and on public transport.  
Canada has sent 16 tonnes of personal protective equipment, such as clothing, face shields, masks, goggles and gloves, to China since February 4, 2020.
" Wearing a mask likely won't prevent a healthy person from getting sick anyway, Etches said.
Researchers and public health officials say improper use of face masks — such as not changing disposable masks or not handwashing — could potentially increase risk of disease transmission.
" Chinese tourists wear masks in the Ginza shopping district in Tokyo on Jan. 24.
Don't panic buy Other kinds of face masks, gloves, disposable gowns and hand sanitizer also topped the list of in-demand items, the survey found.  
In Manitoba, a Winnipeg medical team has designed a new mask for health-care workers that could help replace the N95 masks —
normal,\" with safeguards such as wearing masks and strict hygiene rules staying in place until a vaccine is found. 
The mayor of Los Angeles has already recommended its citizens there wear masks or cover their faces when out in public.
Some explored buying face masks from nail salons due to the shortage of personal protective equipment, or PPE.
However, Ottawa Public Health says wearing a mask won't be of much help.
\"Staff wear [their] disposable protective equipment over and over again.\
Dr. Kami Kandola says territorial health authorities have boosted their stockpile of protective gear, such as masks, gowns and gloves.  
That has many wondering whether public health officials should revisit their policies on people wearing face masks.
Canada also exports raw materials used in the production of face masks to the United States.
Dr. Isaac Bogoch talks with Front Burner about whether people should wear a mask ANALYSIS |
The role masks can play to slow the spread of the disease has been contentious, with some countries requiring people to wear masks when out in public.
Meanwhile, independent grocery stores like Victory Meat Market in downtown Fredericton are still open, but cashiers are wearing masks and gloves.
Physicians and nurses wearing appropriate protective equipment would do the test in a separate room there, Hinshaw said.
Workers are required to wear face masks when being flown and bussed to and from the mines.
While noting increased orders for masks, respirators, gloves and other protective gear, regulators said there are no reported shortages of those items in the U.S.
Shaw said Winnipeg Transit is not currently requiring its staff to wear masks or gloves while driving.
Tam said Canadians shouldn't wear medical-grade masks like the N95, as those supplies have to be reserved for medical professionals.
\"For prevention, most important is to keep social distance, hand washing, self isolation, wear masks, gloves, eye goggles as needed.
Xinhua also said medical supplies are being rushed to the city, including 14,000 protective suits, 110,000 pairs of gloves and masks and goggles.
\"In the certain seasons everybody wears a mask ...
A staff member wearing a protective mask and suit works at a supermarket in Wuhan, the epicentre of the outbreak of the coronavirus, in China's central Hubei province.  
A man wears a mask while walking in the street on Jan. 22 in Wuhan, Hubei province, China.  
In her daily briefing, Dr. Theresa Tam also said chief medical officers are working on recommendations to the general public for the best uses of homemade face masks.
The initiative is aiming to send 50,000 pieces of medical equipment including gloves, goggles, masks, gowns and medical caps.  
A doctor Ducas has worked with a number of times got in touch recently, desperate for N95 masks.
The Japanese flight was bringing 20,000 face masks and other protective gear, all in short supply as Chinese hospitals treat a growing number of patients.
A cyclist wearing a face
1:06 Anticipating more hospitalizations and deaths, state and local governments have been scrambling to obtain masks, gloves and safety gear for health-care workers and ramping up the number of available hospital beds for virus patients.
Regarding wearing masks – masks should be used by sick people to prevent transmission to other people.
Donate your masks, gloves, goggles and gowns at a Toronto hospital, doctor urges The Toronto hospital's appeal sparked a tremendous response beyond just donations of the items requested, Mourinho said.
Travellers wearing protective masks walk at the check-in area of the Daxing international airport in Beijing on Jan. 21.
In the U.S., the Centres for Disease Control has suggested homemade masks as a last-resort for health care workers dealing with coronavirus if no medical-grade masks are available.   
The province's chief nursing officer says housekeeping staff at its acute care centres will start collecting \"gently used\" N95 masks for sterilization and re-use if the masks are deemed safe.
Doctors answer your questions about the coronavirus, including whether paper or N95 masks can be disinfected and used again.
Even Brendan Hanley, Yukon's chief medical officer of health, has been spotted wearing a pin during his regular news conferences.
A statue of a doorman outside a Vancouver apartment building is seen wearing a mask.
Passengers are currently confined to their cabins and have been given face masks as a safety precaution.
Dr. Theresa Tam, Canada's chief medical officer of health, says isolation is most important, but wearing non-medical masks to protect others is okay.
3M faces pressure from Trump order to stop exporting N95 masks to Canada Medical device manufacturer
Health care providers know that equipment like surgical masks and gloves are helpful in the fight against any infectious disease, but even basic supplies are hard to come by in poor countries where new outbreaks tend to emerge from.
People wearing face masks walk down a deserted street in Wuhan in central China's Hubei Province on Jan. 28, 2020.  
The couple plans on putting on their finest formal wear and ordering a bottle of champagne.  
In Saskatchewan, a team of College of Engineering grad students and staff at the University of Saskatchewan is trying to create a new reusable medical mask in an effort to reduce the global shortage of N95 respirators. 
said any preparation done by Newfoundland and Labrador health officials — for example, making sure there are enough surgical masks in case people want to cover their faces — is done mainly as awareness.
With Italy reporting the most virus cases and deaths anywhere in the world except China, the pandemic is increasingly wearing on the EU's cherished core principle, which envisions a border-free Europe where citizens can freely live, work and travel.
The world is facing a chronic shortage of gowns, masks, gloves and other personal protective equipment (PPE) in the fight against a spreading coronavirus epidemic, World Health Organization
Not all medical clinics and doctor's offices have the infrastructure or enough personal protective equipment (PPE) like gloves and masks to offer routine vaccinations safely.
Some Indigenous artists are channelling their anxieties about the COVID-19 pandemic into making unique face masks using traditional crafting techniques and materials.
Restaurants will have fewer tables and waiters will wear gloves and masks.
At the briefing, U.S. Vice-President Mike Pence said updated CDC guidance on the wearing of face coverings and masks will come in the next several days.
A street cleaner wearing a face mask sanitizes trash cans in Beijing amid a viral outbreak that has left more than 2,000 people dead.
Fear of catching the coronavirus has led to panic buying of products such as face masks, hand sanitizer and disposable gloves.
High demand for hand sanitizer and face masks leave some retailers out of stock, while others sell on Kijiji Roussin said the province is preparing for all possibilities, including that the virus might still make its way to Manitoba.
The World Health Organization says the hoarding of masks, gloves and gowns is leaving health-care workers ill-prepared to care for patients —
France's prime minister says shops will be able to ask customers to wear a mask come May 11.
Sign up for the Coronavirus Brief, a daily newsletter that offers the latest news and answers to your questions Get the latest on the COVID-19 crisis in the U.S. Fight over N95 masks
Public Services and Procurement Minister Anita Anand said the government ordered 60 million N95 masks — a type of mask designed and fitted to filter out particles that carry the COVID-19 virus — which will start to be delivered this week.
Only medical masks such as those labelled N95, sometimes called respirators, are designed and fitted to filter out the tiny aerosol particles that carry the novel coronavirus.
Reid isolated in her home, and Townsend would care for her mother using gloves and a mask.
Thousands of people ran out to stores to stock up on goods, many without wearing mandatory face masks.
Meanwhile, the U.S. will invoke a federal defence law to boost production of masks, gloves, gowns and other items to protect against the virus.
\"The world needs to be in full containment mode.\"  A traveller wearing a protective mask checks in for his flight in Beijing on Jan. 21.
A man wearing a mask walks past a mural featuring a health-care worker on Granville Street in Vancouver.
Colby Charles describes how the Chinese government tracks public health: Colby Charles says the government in China makes everyone wear a mask, get their temperature checked and, in some cases, sign into an app that tracks their location and health.
Staff now bring meals to residents in their rooms while wearing gloves and masks to prevent the spread of germs.
A child, wearing a protective face mask, following an outbreak of coronavirus, uses hand sanitizer at Stella Kids, daycare centre in Tokyo.
Vancouver hospitals increase face mask control amid coronavirus fears The BCCDC says as of Feb. 6, 264 individuals have been tested for the coronavirus in the province.
Last week, U.S. President Donald Trump and his administration ordered key suppliers based in the U.S. to stop exporting protective equipment, drawing backlash from other leaders and from 3M, which produces N95 masks.
B.C. seeks more personal protective equipment as COVID-19 cases mountOntario hospital staff told to ration masks as COVID-19 spreads \"You can't wear the same equipment all day.
How Alberta stockpiled medical equipment before COVID-19 struck: Alberta Health Services started ordering personal protective equipment (PPE) as coronavirus was taking hold in China and is now able to help other provinces in need of gloves, masks and ventilators.  
" People wearing face masks visit Inokashira Park in Tokyo on April 19.
Those left began wearing garbage bags because of a shortage of protective gear.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asked all Israelis to wear face masks while in public as a precaution against the virus and said Passover gatherings next week should be limited to just immediate family members.
Even though researchers aren't sure exactly how people without symptoms transmit the disease, the new evidence has prompted both U.S. and Canadian officials to suggest apparently healthy people wear masks in public to protect others — 
Hospital staff have also been instructed to wear gloves, gowns and face protection if the come into contact with any such patients.  
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is being derided on social media for offering cloth masks instead of declaring a coronavirus state of emergency.
Masks may give a person a false sense of security &amp; are likely to increase the number of times a person will touch their own face – to adjust the mask, etc. <a href=\"https://twitter.com
Other studies, such as a 2009 paper in Journal of the Royal Society Interface, use imaging to show how wearing a mask while coughing reduces the jet of air that's normally directed forward and down.
Brendan Hanley, Yukon's chief medical officer of health, wears a beaded fireweed pin at a news conference in Whitehorse, Yukon, on April 20, 2020.  
First came the phony e-commerce sites purporting to sell face masks and other in-demand products.
Dr. Peter Lin discusses this past week's 'very serious' projections: CBC medical contributor Dr. Peter Lin says coronavirus projections can make people take preventative measures like physical distancing more seriously, and explains how changing numbers affected guidelines on wearing masks.  
A woman wearing a face mask walks in the Biblioteka Imeni Lenina metro station in Moscow on Feb. 7.  
In Saskatchewan, the head of the province's nurses union says health officials are looking at \"new and creative ways\" for medical workers to use face masks.
A poster at the entrance to the pedestrian mall asked customers to wear masks, co-operate with fever checks and show a smartphone health code.
\"Our crews are expected to use full protective equipment, and that includes a protective suit, an N95 mask, eye protection and gloves,\
At the time, the Public Health Agency of Canada asked a panel of medical experts for guidance on how flu is transmitted and how best to protect against infection, including the efficiency of face masks.
The government also warned people to strictly abide by regulations requiring wearing of masks in public and to avoid group activities.
Some states and cities that have been shipped masks, gloves, ventilators and other essential equipment from the nation's medical stockpile to fight the coronavirus have gotten an unwelcome surprise: the material is unusable.
Face masks sold out and temperature checks at airports and train stations became the new norm as China strove to control the outbreak.
" Dr. Li Wenliang warned fellow doctors to wear protective clothing because of a new virus.
The employee was not wearing appropriate protective equipment — only personal protective clothing for working in a \"clean\" room.
A woman wearing a mask rides past the Codogno hospital, Northern Italy on Feb. 22, 2020.
A woman wearing a face mask to help protect against the spread of the new coronavirus casts a vote for the parliamentary elections at a polling station in Seoul.
Trudy says one of the hardest moments was the first day quarantined in their room when waiters came to the door carrying their food, wearing protective suits, masks and gloves.
Later that afternoon, members of the police forensic unit and medical examiner's team could be seen in full protective suits and face masks.
\"However, due to the uncertainty, the [school board] takes no risks with the safety of the children and its staff and has decided to terminate its travel contract to Japan.\" A person wearing a masks sits in front of a countdown clock for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
Honeywell is also ramping up production of coveted N95 medical masks in Rhode Island, Trump said at a dinner-hour press briefing.
The country's president and leader of the ruling Communist Party was shown wearing a surgical mask and having his temperature taken before expressing his thanks to health workers on behalf of the party and government.
| Doctor warns against medical gloves in public, talks importance of handwashing: Dr. Samir Gupta explains why most people are better off washing their hands with soap and water than wearing gloves for protection against COVID-19.
Here, Kvassy Huffman sews hospital masks at Detroit Sewn in Pontiac, Mich., which normally makes clothing.  
The new normal in New Brunswick will include physical distancing in public and getting used to people wearing face masks.
New York New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo issued an executive order directing his state's 19 million residents to wear masks or substitutes when in any public situation where maintaining social distancing is not possible.
A Civil Defence member wearing a protective suit sprays disinfectant as a precaution against the coronavirus in the closed shops, and hotels used by Iranian citizens in Najaf, Iraq, on Feb, 26.
Trudeau talks about controversy around cross-border flow of critical supplies: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau reacts to the news that the Trump administration has ordered a major manufacturer 3M to stop exporting N95 masks to Canada.
U.S. President Donald Trump called out 3M two weeks ago for exporting its N95 masks outside the country, but the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency has since carved out exemptions for Canada and Mexico to ensure the exports can continue.
\"We didn't always think about wearing gloves.
\"I am stocking up the face masks and … hand sanitizer and gloves.\
So briefly, of course, wearing masks,\
London Mayor Sadiq Khan says wearing face coverings, such as bandanas and scarves, could provide people with another layer of protection against the coronavirus and is lobbying the British government to change its advice.
A woman wears a mask while pushing a wheelbarrow past the closed Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market on Jan. 17.  
The government designated the area as a \"special care zone.\" Daegu has emerged as the latest front in the widening global fight against COVID-19, with the city's 2.5 million residents urged to stay inside, wearing masks even indoors to stem further infection.
Major U.S. airlines to require passengers to wear masks.
" the statement concludes, \"will interfere with the ability of PPE manufacturers to export when doing so is consistent with United States policy and in the national interest of the United States.\" WATCH | Canadian politicians slam Trump's 'inhumane' efforts to halt mask exports: Provincial and municipal leaders are criticizing U.S. President Donald Trump for attempting to halt exports of N95 masks to Canada.
People wear masks on a train on the first day of the Lunar New Year in Hong Kong on Jan. 25, 2020.
Visitors to a weekly market in Dresden wear protective masks to guard against the spread of the coronavirus disease.  
For the first time in five weeks, people were permitted to walk outside for exercise between 6 a.m. and 9 a.m., and thousands, with mandated face masks and keeping distance, were out walking through the streets.
(Brian McInnis/CBC) Hairdressers and barbers could also start seeing clients again on May 19, but employees working directly with the public would have to wear masks.
The novel coronavirus has spread widely throughout China, even though Chinese New Year celebrations were cancelled and the government has promoted hand-washing, wearing medical masks and seeking immediate medical attention.
Many P.E.I. pharmacies are having a hard time keeping face masks in stock, despite assurances from P.E.I.'s chief public health officer that there's very little risk of contracting the new coronavirus on P.E.I.
Minnesota-based 3M has filed a lawsuit against an Ontario company that allegedly claimed a phoney affiliation with the U.S. medical-gear maker to sell hard-to-find N95 face masks at exorbitant prices.
The United Nations donated 250,000 protective face masks to the city, and Cuomo delayed the state's presidential primary from April 28 to June 23.
For travellers, the federal government is rolling out new rules requiring that all air passengers wear face masks covering their noses and mouths while in transit.
The UN agency was sending masks, gloves, respirators and nearly 18,000 isolation gowns from its warehouses to some two dozen countries that need support, Tedros told its executive board.
A man wearing a shamrock suit walks along the normally bustling St. Patrick's Day parade route on O'Connell Street in Dublin, March 17, 2020.
Gaming giant Tencent Holdings Ltd advised staff to work from home until Feb. 7, and e-commerce firm Alibaba removed vendors' offers of overpriced face masks from its online Taobao marketplace as prices surged.
Men wear masks as a precautionary measure against the MERS coronavirus in Khobar city in  Saudi Arabia.
| Trump says CDC advising the use of cloth face covering 
A man wears a mask aboard the Grand Princess cruise ship off the coast of San Francisco on March 8.  
Regina says essential services will be uninterrupted, bills may be paused due to COVID-19 Saskatoon paramedics from Medavie Health Services are similarly carrying and wearing appropriate personal protective equipment, depending on the case.
A medical worker wears a protective suit after checking the homeless in Jakarta after Indonesian authorities prepared the sports halls for homeless people to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
time,\" said Semaan, co-owner of His and Hers Wear and Bridal in Windsor, Ont.
In Turkmenistan, a hermetic police state dominated by President Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov's cult of personality, saying the word \"coronavirus\" or wearing a mask in public can lead to arrest, according to Reporters Without Borders.
Deputy Prime Minister Chrystia Freeland says the government will \"pull out all the stops\" in response to the Trump administration's decision to order 3M to stop exporting N95 masks to Canada.
The country's election commission says all voters will be required to wear masks and use disposable gloves at ballot booths during the April 15 parliamentary elections.
Roughly 4,000 patients receiving treatment will be able to cast their ballots by mail while the National Election Commission is urging all voters to wear masks in polling stations, make use of sanitizers and gloves, and practise physical distancing.  
One restaurant chain, Waffle House, was imposing seating arrangements in Georgia that will keep patrons at least two metres apart, stricter sanitization measures and a requirement that employees wear masks, CEO Walt Ehmer told WSB-TV.
" Workers wearing protective gears move a patient suspected of contracting coronavirus from an ambulance to the Kyungpook National University Hospital in Daegu, South Korea.  
A volunteer wearing a face covering controls traffic flow as households receive boxes of food at a drive-thru food distribution site from the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank and Los Angeles County Federation of Labor as authorities encourage physical distancing to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
" Coronavirus concerns prompt Winnipegger originally from Wuhan to cancel trip home for Lunar New YearManitoba health-care professionals told to watch out for coronavirusSeveral Winnipeg medical supply stores sold out of face masks
Croatian soldiers wearing masks and carrying shovels could be seen helping efforts to clear the damage on the streets of Zagreb.
