COVID-19 vaccine research takes on new urgency
As Canadians clamour for coronavirus vaccine, many aren't getting immunized against other diseases
An infectious disease specialist answers your questions about COVID-19, including whether herd immunity could eventually be as effective as a vaccine.
The plan has three components:  $115 million for research into vaccines and treatments being developed in hospitals and universities.
Go inside the high-security lab where scientists search for a coronavirus vaccine Bats and sneezing camels:
A vaccine Scientists work at Saskatoon's VIDO-InterVac laboratory, where research on a vaccine for the coronavirus is underway.  
A race against the disease': Canadian researchers in global effort to develop vaccine.
'Prepare for the worst' Researchers at VIDO-InterVac worked on a potential vaccine for SARS in 2003.
Scientists propose using structural biology and protein engineering to develop wide-serving vaccines that could protect against multiple strains of coronaviruses.
, scientists at the Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization – International Vaccine Centre are working to develop a vaccine for the novel coronavirus. 
$662 million for clinical trials in Canada.
In a rare opportunity, Falzarano escorted CBC News inside a containment lab at the Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization - International Vaccine Centre (VIDO-InterVac) on the University of Saskatchewan campus.
Dr. Theresa Tam says Canada's pandemic response plan includes researching a vaccine, expanding testing capabilities and managing essential supplies.  
Doctors and World Health Organization officials are racing to develop a vaccine or antiviral medicine to prevent or treat the virus, but to date nothing exists.  
Researchers at two Quebec universities are working together in hopes of developing a new vaccine that could prevent COVID-19 and similar outbreaks.  
Respirologist weighs in on human trials of COVID-19 vaccine: Though concerned about the availability of ventilators in Canada, Dr. Samir Gupta is encouraged by the first COVID-19 vaccine trials.
In an ideal scenario, Tyrrell said researchers will find compounds already approved for use in other vaccines and antivirals that are effective against the coronavirus.
For this latest coronavirus, Falzarano expects to test a vaccine on ferrets, as researchers did with Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS),
Some symptoms were alleviated, however, once researchers stopped giving other antiviral drugs to those taking hydroxychloroquine.
The University of Saskatchewan's Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization-International Vaccine Centre, also known as VIDO-InterVac, has received permission from the Public Health Agency of Canada to focus on the threat.
PhotosGo inside the high-security lab where scientists search for a coronavirus vaccine
" Most experts suggest herd immunity cannot be achieved safely without a vaccine because seniors and other vulnerable populations with suppressed immune systems would be at risk and hospitals would be overwhelmed.
There's no proven treatment or vaccine for the virus, though researchers around the world are searching for potential treatments.  
A University of Saskatchewan research team and scientists from across the country have been awarded $1 million over two years to develop animal models and test vaccine candidates to find a vaccine for COVID-19.
The response plan includes accelerating research work here and contributing to international efforts to develop a vaccine abroad.
Researchers and public health officials say improper use of face masks — such as not changing disposable masks or not handwashing — could potentially increase risk of disease transmission.
This plan includes:  $155 million for research on vaccines and other treatments, support for clinical trials and expanding national testing and modelling.  
Some scientists surprised Oval Office used to release preliminary antiviral drug details  
A third Dalhousie researcher will study how to address stigmas and misinformation surrounding COVID-19.
University of Manitoba researchers begin recruiting participants for a series of trials to test whether the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine can reduce the symptoms and severity of COVID-19 and slow its spread.
Now, researchers from the University of Saskatchewan's Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization - International Vaccine Centre (VIDO-InterVac) have requested to work with the virus through the Public Health Agency of Canada's National Microbiology Laboratory in Winnipeg.  
Research never advanced to human trials.
There are no proven treatments or vaccines for the virus, though teams of researchers around the world are frantically working to find answers.  
(Submitted by Debrah Marshall) Gerdts said researchers at VIDO-InterVac have extensive experience with coronavirus, as the first vaccine for the virus in cattle was developed at the lab, with research around the virus continuing today.
In China, scientists are researching and developing a potential vaccine, as well as looking at a specific immunoglobulin or blood product to use in critically ill patients and screening antiviral drugs.
researchers aiming to develop a vaccine for coronavirus outbreak in China Volker Gerdts, director of VIDO-InterVac, said a race is underway to find the best animal for replicating the disease.  
The Canadian government announces $275 million in funding for a number of Canadian research initiatives into vaccine development and testing. 
Scientists at VIDO-InterVac recently developed a vaccine for a strain of coronavirus that killed 10 million pigs in North America.   
$662 million for clinical trials led by Canada.
In his research, Khan tracks global travel patterns as a tool to predict and interpret spread of diseases.  
The lab does research with the most deadly pathogens.
\"Not every municipality or country will have specialized labs and researchers, not to mention that culturing a virus is dangerous,\
Why this Canadian man and his family won't leave Wuhan, despite coronavirus risk PHOTOS | Go inside the high-security lab where scientists search for a coronavirus vaccine
As Canadian public health agencies prepare to deal with a new viral illness, a specialized lab in Saskatoon is using its research on different strains of the coronavirus to help develop a vaccine.
Volker Gerdts, CEO and executive director of VIDO-InterVac on the University of Saskatchewan campus, says the lab is in the early stages of developing a vaccine to treat a strain of coronavirus that is currently spreading throughout China and nearby countries.  
Public health experts and researchers also need to consider factors such as how viruses can mutate to enter the body more easily or not, and how different seasonal conditions could affect transmission.
The antiviral drug remdesivir is showing promise as a COVID-19 treatment in early U.S. clinical trials, though other research hasn’t seen as much success.
Researchers at the University of Saskatchewan are aiming to develop a vaccine that could help address an outbreak of coronavirus that has killed six people in China.  
Researchers assigned each amino acid
Scientists at VIDO-InterVac recently developed a vaccine for a coronavirus that killed 10 million pigs in North America, and Falzarano uses alpacas to test vaccines that would combat the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) coronavirus.
Jason Kindrachuk, an assistant professor and Canada Research Chair in emerging viruses at the University of Manitoba, says right now, there are no vaccines or therapeutics to prevent the novel coronavirus.
Research has shown that some E. coli bacteria can survive past the recommended temperatures for cooking meat.  
Clinical trial studies involving hundreds of patients around the globe began in early March.
Scientists at a Saskatoon lab are part of a global effort to find a vaccine for the novel coronavirus.
U.K. Health Secretary Matt Hancock announces that a vaccine candidate being developed by Oxford University will begin human trials on April 23.
Jason Kindrachuk does basic science research on infectious diseases like flu, Zika, Ebola and now coronavirus, looking at how a virus jumps from animals to humans and also treatments/vaccines.
Ongoing clinical trials will be the true test, Götte said.
(David Stobbe/VIDO-InterVac/University of Saskatchewan/Reuters) CBC News got access to the high-security lab in Saskatchewan where scientists are working to develop a vaccine.  
In mid-March, the Trudeau government committed $275 million for research, as part of the first emergency aid package.
There is no known cure or targeted treatment for coronavirus and research is ongoing.
" With the genetic material, researchers can build the virus' proteins in a lab.
Researchers also hope to better understand issues like transmission between animals, impact of age on disease and susceptibility of agricultural animals like chickens or pigs.  
The lab's research priorities for the virus include:  Developing important diagnostic tests, including a test to detect antibodies against the virus, which will allow researchers to determine with greater accuracy if someone has been exposed to the virus.
Some researchers aim to learn more about transmission by trying to make invisible sneezes, coughs and breaths more visible.
The team's research is part of a global effort says VIDO-InterVac executive director Volker Gerdts.  
However, Henry cautioned that significant restrictions would still be in place for some time — likely until a vaccine has been developed for the virus — and that B.C.'s continued success in avoiding a large outbreak would rely on public health measures rather than developing herd immunity.
Previous research also suggests the added importance of isolating patients and implementing hospital-based screening measures.
Trudeau's message largely focused on measures the government had already announced, including support for parents and funding to help research into potential vaccines and treatments.  
Wu and Kennedy plan to continue their research programs long after the COVID crisis calms.
Even though researchers aren't sure exactly how people without symptoms transmit the disease, the new evidence has prompted both U.S. and Canadian officials to suggest apparently healthy people wear masks in public to protect others — 
The project is being led by the University of Saskatchewan's Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization-International Vaccine Centre (VIDO-InterVac), and is part of a rapid research funding initiative, designed to contribute to efforts to contain COVID-19.  
The National Institutes of Health's (NIH) top infectious disease chief cautioned a vaccine won't be ready for widespread use for a year or more — but said the virus might return, so researchers have to push ahead.
Tam warned that public health measures will need to remain in place until there is a high level of immunity or a vaccine to avoid \"future epidemic waves.\" Read more about the latest federal modelling  
March 17: China gives the go-ahead for researchers at the country's Academy of Military Medical Sciences to begin human safety tests of an experimental coronavirus vaccine.
Research about the likelihood of outdoor transmission of the virus is virtually non-existent.
\"We will have to wait for a few weeks whether this [remdesivir] gives any positive signal,\" in Chinese research, Kieny said.
Scientists around the globe are scrambling to come up with tests and treatments to limit the disease and, ultimately, a vaccine to protect against the novel coronavirus, which has killed more than 2,000 Canadians and almost 200,000 people worldwide.
Denis Leclerc, a researcher at the university, said the infectious disease lab has been doing research on similar types of viral infections for the past 15 years.  
From test strips to llama antibodies, U of O researchers take on COVID-19These Quebec professors are trying to develop a coronavirus vaccine Her team was awarded $400,000.
Putting off kids' vaccines during COVID-19 heightens risk of other outbreaks With daycares and schools closed across Canada during the COVID-19 pandemic, immunization requirements aren't being enforced by public health officials.
Facebook, which like Google has billions of users, has shared location data with non-governmental researchers that are producing similar reports for authorities in several countries.
Researchers there have spent a significant amount of time focusing on pathogens like coronaviruses.
Dr. Gordon Asmundson is a professor at the University of Regina, a mental health scientist and a registered clinical psychologist.
Garry said one thing researchers are considering is that an early version of the virus could have been circulating for years or even decades.    
Scientists around the globe are scrambling to come up with tests, treatments to lessen the severity of the disease and ultimately, a vaccine to protect against the coronavirus that has killed more than 2,000 Canadians and almost 200,000 people worldwide.
The researchers say a major contribution of the study is its description of the epidemic curve of COVID-19 —  a visual display charting when people started falling ill.
Why this doctor wants focus of cancer research to switch to early detection Dr. Azra Raza, a leading oncologist, says the current focus on cancer treatment, instead of early detection, is \"embarrassing.\
: The Population Health Research Institute in Hamilton announces a study beginning in April to compare therapy using a combination of the antibiotic azithromycin with malaria drug chloroquine versus the usual \"standard of care\" in COVID-19 patients.
Not all medical clinics and doctor's offices have the infrastructure or enough personal protective equipment (PPE) like gloves and masks to offer routine vaccinations safely.
Speeding up research into drugs and vaccines for coronavirus is a priority for the World Health Organization's efforts to contain the outbreak centred in China.
A recent study suggests the virus can persist on surfaces, such as cardboard, but found the amount of virus that is found on the surfaces might not be enough to get infected and further research is needed.
Researchers also ordered ingredients to build their own synthetic version of the coronavirus, using genome sequencing information from China.
In Canada, antibody tests for COVID-19 are just a research tool and aren't available to the public.  
In the meantime, the researchers at Dal are working with the Canadian Centre for Vaccinology and VIDO-Intervac in Saskatoon to start developing and testing potential vaccines against coronavirus.
Immunizing the herd April 30: There are eight vaccine candidates in clinical evaluation, and 94 in preclinical evaluation.
Kelvin said his 26-person international research team will conduct a series of studies used to determine how to categorize patients in the early stages of the disease.
The paper, entitled \"The proximal origin of SARS-CoV-2,\" was published on March 17, and was produced by a five-person team that included scientists at Columbia University, the University of Edinburgh, Scripps Research Institute in California and the University of Sydney.
Researchers at Harvard University have estimated the country needs to be testing a minimum of 500,000 people per day, and possibly many more.
How the disease is being treated Chinese scientists are testing two antiviral drugs and preliminary results are due in weeks, while the head of a Wuhan hospital said plasma infusions from recovered patients had shown some encouraging preliminary results.
\"Risk can be mitigated in retail settings using a variety of methods, including ensuring access to hand hygiene for all employees,\" said Dr. Isaac Bogoch, an infectious diseases physician and scientist with the Toronto General Hospital Research Institute.
Theresa Tam, Canada's chief public health officer, said Canadian research is part of a global effort and will be shared with the World Health Organization.
Fisman and epidemiologist Ashleigh R. Tuite modelled its spread and published their research in the journal Annals of Internal Medicine.
Dr. Yonatan Grad, an assistant professor of immunology and infectious diseases at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, wrote recently in an op-ed for STAT that there are two ways to achieve this: immunity from infection or immunity through vaccination.  
PHAC has denied any connection between the RCMP investigation, Qiu's visits to Wuhan or any Canadian research, with the coronavirus outbreak.  
Three researchers at Dalhousie University in Halifax have been awarded a total of $1.9 million to help research the coronavirus and its wider societal impacts.
France signed an agreement with China in 2004 to establish a research lab on infectious diseases of biosafety level 4, the highest level, in Wuhan.
While evidence about outdoor transmission of the virus is lacking, research \"has consistently shown that transmission is strongly dependent on being in close proximity to a sick person for some period of time,\" the National Collaborating Centre for Environmental Health said.
$2.1 million of that is dedicated to an infectious disease research team at Laval University.  
" That's the ultimate goal of this research team.
The U.S. is fast-tracking approval of a drug to help treat COVID-19 called remdesivir, which top health official Dr. Anthony Fauci said, has a \"clear cut, significant, positive effect in diminishing the time to recovery,\" after favourable results of a clinical trial.
Research includes coronavirus Work at the lab includes research on SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19.
One in 10 Canadians believes a conspiracy theory about the novel coronavirus, according to preliminary research from the University of Sherbrooke in Quebec.  
A key, more severe symptom that sometimes leads to hospitalization is shortness of breath or dyspnea, which shows up on average five to six days after symptoms began, Chinese researchers reported in medical journals JAMA and The Lancet.
COVID-19 spreading in Canada with no known link to travel, previous cases \"It is too simplistic to suggest a tropical climate can stop coronavirus because there are many other factors, like human-to-human contact, which can happen very fast,\" said Sugiyono Saputra, a microbiology researcher at the Indonesian Institute of Sciences.
Scientists are testing two antiviral drugs, and preliminary results are due in weeks, while the head of a Wuhan hospital said plasma infusions from recovered patients had shown some encouraging preliminary results.
Personal efforts to curb the spread are a \"moral obligation,\" said Kindrachuk, an assistant professor and Canada Research Chair in emerging viruses at the University of Manitoba.
Teams at the University of Toronto and Dalhousie University are also working on COVID-19 research. 
COVID-19 has brought research into other medical conditions to a grinding halt.
Researchers also don't have a complete understanding about how the coronavirus is transmitted and its severity, said WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus.
What researchers have learned about the spread and severity of the coronavirus
Dr. Craig Jenne, an infectious disease researcher at the University of Calgary, said easing restrictions in one province could present challenges for others.
The research found that the new virus is very good at binding to the cellular receptor ACE2, which is usually involved in regulating blood pressure.
Cheng and other researchers at Dalhousie hope to contact the federal government to help co-ordinate their efforts and bring down some of their costs.  
How Canadian researchers test for coronavirus:
Anyone leaving New York must self-isolate or risk spreading COVID-19, health officials say Microsoft founder Bill Gates, whose foundation has funded tens of millions of dollars of research into the detection and treatment of COVID-19, was also critical of the suggestion to ease restrictions.
Researchers are also looking at cell phones as a way of tracking data, Langille said.
The school also has researchers making face shields with 3D printers for the frontline.
The drug is in Phase 3 clinical trials in Japan, and in other trials in the U.S., Italy and China.
That's a problem researchers at the University of Oxford's Big Data Institute in England are working to solve quickly, and their results were published in a paper in the journal Science earlier this week.
$270 million for a program for entrepreneurial and industrial research.
The deadline for applications close in a week, an indication of just how quickly researchers are mobilizing their efforts.   
As well, the government has provided $52 million through national granting councils to almost 100 research teams across the country.
A 2009 study by researchers in the U.S. and Singapore uses schlieren imaging to show airflow from a person's mouth a) without a mask b) with a medical mask and c) with an N95 mask.
Chinese researchers say their working hypothesis is the coronavirus was transmitted from a still-unknown animal to humans at the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in Wuhan, China.
Under extreme pressure and once unthinkable deadlines. scientists and physicians are collaborating around the world to design clinical trials and build up plasma banks from survivors.
Public Health Canada said there was no link between the researchers and the new coronavirus outbreak.  
Life must go on,' says premier, outlining plan to reopen schools gradually Researchers at Harvard University have estimated the country needs to be testing a minimum of 500,000 people per day, and possibly many more.
Gilead Sciences, the maker of remdesivir, begins two Phase 3 trials of the broad-spectrum antiviral drug developed to treat Ebola: one in patients with \"severe disease\" and another in patients with \"moderate disease.\" The studies will be conducted in the U.S., U.K., Italy, Hong Kong, Spain and a number of other countries.  
> meeting on research priorities.
The research areas include developing a device to gauge the severity of the illness, examining the role of public health policy and addressing the spread of misinformation.
\"an increased risk of more severe outcomes.\" Tam's suggestions came after Trudeau announced a $1-billion fund to help fight COVID-19, with funding for a range of initiatives, including provincial health systems, procurement of essential equipment and protective gear, as well as research into the coronavirus.
The VIDO-InterVac team has 50 scientists from 26 countries.
Work at the lab includes scientific research on SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19.
that's for any number of things,\" said Jason Kindrachuk, the Canada Research Chair in infectious diseases at the University of Manitoba.
With the outbreak of the mask wars across shuttered Western borders, and alongside outright bans of exports of medical equipment, any hint of a unified global effort to fight the coronavirus is absent, beyond the work of scientists cooperating on a possible vaccine.
However, the researchers note those traces were just genetic material
Two researchers from the University of British Columbia are seeking participants in a study looking at how people around the world are coping with the stress of the coronavirus outbreak.  
Elmira Maple Syrup Festival cancelled over COVID-19 fears Kitchener hospitals set up coronavirus testing clinics to keep potential cases away from ER Students with out-of-date immunization records won't be suspended this spring A handshake-free convocation and sanitizing stations: How local universities are responding to coronavirus
\"Considerable efforts\" will be needed to control the spread if this ratio holds up elsewhere, researchers wrote in the report, published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Chinese scientists are testing two antiviral drugs and preliminary results are due in weeks, while the head of a hospital in Wuhan — the city in Hubei province where the outbreak emerged — said plasma infusions from recovered patients had shown some encouraging preliminary results.
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi was scheduled to attend along with David Layzell, a professor and director of the Canadian Energy Systems Analysis Research Initiative at the University of Calgary.
Researchers found the median time between diagnosis and the last positive test for the virus was 26 days.
How COVID-19 brought research into other medical conditions to a grinding halt.
VIDO-InterVac is one of the largest, most advanced infectious disease research sites in the world and the lab is in the second-highest category of safety; biosafety level 3 is for work involving microbes that can cause serious and potentially lethal disease by inhalation.  
The droplets produced when someone speaks with, and without, a mask This video, from a study published in April 2020 the New England Journal of Medicine by researchers at the U.S. National Institutes of Health, uses laser light scattering to show droplets produced when someone speaks.
The project still needs to be approved by local municipalities, but GLIER hopes to apply for grants soon and start the research in June. 
Just incredible:' Mass quarantines take China into uncharted territory Colleagues in China have made the outbreak-specific coronavirus genome sequence available to researchers around the world, Gerdts said.
Researchers said earlier the COVID-19 virus may have been circulating for weeks undetected in the state, and experts said more cases would likely be reported in Washington, Oregon and California as testing ramps up.
The research from the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention is based on more than 72,000 patient records of COVID-19 reported nationwide through Feb. 11.
\"Containing the spread of the virus, providing sufficient medical equipment, boosting research and limiting the economic fallout is key,\"
A new paper from an international team of scientists recently published in the research journal Nature Medicine found that the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 was not, in fact, genetically engineered.
List of COVID-19 clinical trials authorized by Health Canada  Feb. 21:
The ministers agreed to co-ordinate their approach on travel regulations and precautions, research into the new virus and co-operation with WHO and China.
More than half of the cases in which symptoms began before Jan. 1 were tied to a seafood market, but only eight per cent of cases after that have been, researchers found.
Dr. Scott Halperin's research team will use their federal funding to look at policies around COVID-19.
The now-independent foundation, referred to as the Young Scientist Foundation, enables high school and college students to work alongside accomplished researchers to develop new treatments for diseases, according to a spokesperson for Cardoz's company.
The researchers sent surveys to 600 people, half in Quebec and half in the rest of Canada, to ask about the psychological impacts of the pandemic.   
Kamen's primary role in the research will be to generate antigens — toxins that urge the body to create antibodies in order to fight off disease.  
The 285,000-square foot research facility can house large animals, like bison and cattle, for testing.
" Understanding public health policies Not all the research is focusing on clinical response to the disease.  
Buehler said the music might help researchers design an antibody.
The centre, a Vancouver-based team of researchers funded by the Public Health Agency of Canada, is sounding caution about the negative effects of limiting people's access to the outdoors during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The NEJM report was signed by 17 doctors from several German hospitals and research institutes.
The actual number of cases is at least five times higher due to a lack of effective testing, especially in rural areas, said Dr. Natalia Pasternak Taschner, a medical researcher at the Institute of Biomedical Sciences in Sao Paulo.
France said last week there was no evidence so far of a link between the new coronavirus and the work of the P4 research laboratory in Wuhan.
has said there is no available data from randomized clinical trials to inform the use of either chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine against the novel coronavirus.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the group of researchers whose work informs the Paris targets, now says that reductions of 45 per cent below 2010 levels are required by 2030 to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees.
Researchers at Dalhousie University are working to send much-needed medical supplies to health-care workers in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the new coronavirus outbreak.
Where this coronavirus came from  The VIDO-InterVac team has 50 scientists from 26 countries.
Amine Kamen's primary role in the research will be to generate antigens — toxins that urge the body to create antibodies in order to fight off disease.  
A recent brief video and report by U.S. National Institutes of Health researchers used lasers to show that droplets projected less than 10 centimetres when someone says the phrase \"Stay healthy.\
" In the 12 states reporting race and ethnicity data about the outbreak, black residents were found to be 2.4 times more likely to die of COVID-19, according to the APM Research Lab, a public policy research group.  
Researchers at McMaster University have developed a set of \"fish hooks\" capable of isolating the new coronavirus and have quickly released the new tool to the international community to help battle the outbreak.
Doctors and researchers want to develop antibody tests to help with diagnosis.
On plastic, the half-life is six hours 49 minutes, researchers found.
Kelvin is working with the Canadian COVID-19 Research Network, which has researchers from China, Vietnam, Spain, Italy, Morocco, Sudan, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ivory Coast, Mozambique, the U.S. and Canada.
A research model from the University of Washington
\"From an investment standpoint, the risk with any virus is in the scope of its economic impact, and the mere fact that this has spread from China overnight to the U.S. so quickly reinforces the idea that the negative fallout could be global rather than local,\" said Alec Young, managing director of Global Markets Research for FTSE Russell.  
(Robert Hood/Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center)
Around for quite a bit longer' The government launched the expedited research opportunities the same day health officials announced the coronavirus death toll had surpassed 1,000, eclipsing the number of people believed to have died in the 2002-03 SARS epidemic.  
The latest:  More than 200,000 have died globally, Johns Hopkins University researchers say.   
The canine question Canadian research that suggested dogs could be a possible source of the novel coronavirus is getting a rough ride.
The researchers said there was no evidence of super-spreader events in health-care facilities, like those that occurred during both the SARS and MERS outbreaks.
" said the Centre for Retail Research in a new report.
" said Bedford, at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and the University of Washington in Seattle,
The National Care Forum represents non-profit nursing home providers and says its research suggests 4,040 people have died after contracting the illness in British nursing homes.
" said Paul Hunter, a professor and researcher in medicine at the University of East Anglia in the United Kingdom, in an email to CBC News.
(Dave Rae/CBC) Capital spending in the oilpatch is expected to be half of last year's amount, which was about $25 billion, according to Jackie Forrest with the ARC Energy Research Institute.
The threat of potential pandemics like coronavirus (2019-nCOV) making their way around the world tend to hit agricultural commodities like coffee hard, said Aakash Doshi, the head of commodities research at Citibank in New York.
Vik Adhopia on The National about remdesivir's clinical trial:  
